
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10442863381500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58674494                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                109578414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              145301780                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6165123239                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11513768678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10028096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10053760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9980672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9980672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1680973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656833036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658514010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1680973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1680973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       653726799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            653726799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       653726799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1680973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656833036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312240809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155948                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155948                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10053696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9980544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10053696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9980672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155948                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    729.789305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.011418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.079935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1927      7.02%      7.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2359      8.59%     15.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2034      7.41%     23.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1688      6.15%     29.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1446      5.27%     34.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1564      5.70%     40.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1253      4.56%     44.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1324      4.82%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13857     50.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.128131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.606093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             50      0.51%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           102      1.05%      1.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9427     96.79%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           108      1.11%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.199817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9703     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2904234000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5849652750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18487.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37237.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       653.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    653.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142083                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48771.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98938980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52591110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565695060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              409869180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         755392560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1517336010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63359520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093799810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322136640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1571779260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7450915380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.029569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11771766500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6344241250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    838837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3129773375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4591587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97068300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51589230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555920400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404168940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506193650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66535680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2063488350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       305992800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1602254100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7399384410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.654328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11790873625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51332250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6468961125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    796853500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108746500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4525102750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1267070                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1267070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7527                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1258457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4419                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1258457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1217295                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41162                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5305                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     352147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1249925                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          859                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2672                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          261                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5563557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1267070                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1221714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30410423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  87                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          928                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.367834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.625355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28865196     94.65%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39981      0.13%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43017      0.14%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224875      0.74%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27930      0.09%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9247      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9938      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25157      0.08%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1252999      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  396332                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28687435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   644131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               762668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11147230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  673400                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 269217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1128547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28404057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11109141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28110615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14151644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23508021                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12786216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           314634                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13850158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  301467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4809202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              364055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1258889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11039554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                911                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10969027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2475                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         195709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       286437                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           784                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.359660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.230196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27510979     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473795      1.55%     91.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             532574      1.75%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349744      1.15%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             305418      1.00%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1013621      3.32%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119674      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167249      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25286      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73362     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  506      0.65%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   779      1.00%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  230      0.30%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2752      3.53%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             243      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4621      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9272088     84.53%     84.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 116      0.00%     84.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  357      0.00%     84.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84854      0.77%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308689      2.81%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1209973     11.03%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46746      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41583      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10969027                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.359232                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77872                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007099                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52130980                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11022594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10753591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             385760                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            213793                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188875                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10847733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194545                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2589                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26994                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          223                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          770                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               167599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11040465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               364055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1258889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               166981                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           223                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10951179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1601896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1236359                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1249907                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.358647                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10946021                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10942466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7980063                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11169364                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.358362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         195983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.355951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.254343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27576535     90.51%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341647      1.12%     91.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324109      1.06%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1095876      3.60%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65832      0.22%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       677246      2.22%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72916      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22263      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290545      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5357676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10844748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1581275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337061                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1228789                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10746564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2360      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9178147     84.63%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             89      0.00%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82603      0.76%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292752      2.70%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1203218     11.09%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44309      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10844748                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41217155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22113471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5357676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10844748                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.699241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.699241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12530003                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8308553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291656                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146581                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6165402                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5506738                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4082858                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1422220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.073753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6526264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6526264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1089025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1089025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1433126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1433126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1433126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1433126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    396280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14004108497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14004108497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14400388497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14400388497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14400388497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14400388497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1244229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1244229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1592381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1592381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97822.759812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97822.759812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90230.332317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90230.332317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90423.462353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.462353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90423.462353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.462353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17531                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.540404                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    95.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    169324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13847773997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13847773997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017098497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017098497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017098497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017098497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124729                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124729                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109030.585963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109030.585963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89230.522369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89230.522369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89426.698929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89426.698929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89426.698929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89426.698929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.988752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             282419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           379.595430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.988752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           215684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          215684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58285999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58285999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58285999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58285999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58285999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58285999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.332230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64333.332230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.332230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64333.332230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.332230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64333.332230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65256.684492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.684492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65256.684492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.684492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65256.684492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.684492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157734                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.569586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.314124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.116290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677278                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155643                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155643                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13614723500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13614723500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44061500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44061500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    166551000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    166551000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781274500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13825336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781274500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13825336000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155643                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155643                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538978                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538978                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978107                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978107                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87741.259530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87741.259530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109879.052369                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109879.052369                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109645.161290                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109645.161290                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109879.052369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87953.605254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.574190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109879.052369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87953.605254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.574190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12063023500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12063023500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40051500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40051500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12214384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12254436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12214384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12254436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77741.195084                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77741.195084                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99879.052369                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99879.052369                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99645.161290                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99645.161290                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99879.052369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77953.541433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78009.510532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99879.052369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77953.541433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78009.510532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314291                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20034432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20034432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20034432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157089    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           938688500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826237750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314976                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157485                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            599                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          599                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19992512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20087744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157738                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9980928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314517     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    709      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235112999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
