
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10641338855125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61286301                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                114568218                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              150020549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   101.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6237003875                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11659417040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10037312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10056704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9965120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9965120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1270162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657436678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658706840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1270162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1270162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652708154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652708154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652708154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1270162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657436678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311414994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157136                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155705                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10056704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9965440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10056704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9965120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267362000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155705                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    737.638668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   578.513307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.190619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1918      7.07%      7.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2367      8.72%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2088      7.69%     23.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1260      4.64%     28.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1293      4.76%     32.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1244      4.58%     37.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1716      6.32%     43.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1393      5.13%     48.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13865     51.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.155135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.104828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.638113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            90      0.93%      1.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9432     96.97%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           122      1.25%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.164558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9699     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.05%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893352250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5839652250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18413.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37163.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143604                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142098                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48802.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97146840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51634770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561682380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406069020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507440810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62975040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2074715070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       316578240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1588537200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7413566970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.583276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11726563250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6423321625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110228250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4549932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96661320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51376710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560268660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406737180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1499936760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63221760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2076342420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309879840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1596214740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7405583070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.060336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11813380250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6453011000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    806999250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4553382375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1243836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1243836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5917                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               717                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236816                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204013                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32803                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4123                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231156                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          738                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47210                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          253                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5461640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1243836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1202                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47036                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1759                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28901141     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39238      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42138      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223983      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26856      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8246      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8885      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24663      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1230885      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040735                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  385724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28732176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   627681                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6215                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10959888                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6215                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  656242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 226172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1110388                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28495285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10929836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28207589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13943033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23096084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12552061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           308908                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13701234                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  241799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4714068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20527                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10874732                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10818756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1673                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           587                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27558392     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476102      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517330      1.70%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348724      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303288      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             986726      3.23%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117718      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173308      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24447      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72426     94.26%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  473      0.62%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   774      1.01%     95.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  198      0.26%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2792      3.63%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             177      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4055      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9148905     84.57%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  261      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84044      0.78%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302534      2.80%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194291     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46453      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38132      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10818756                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354310                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76840                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51845561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10824035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10613110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             376499                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            207630                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184478                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10701620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189921                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          580                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6215                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  55370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               136929                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10875429                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136411                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7508                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10804780                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219876                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231142                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353853                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10800583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10797588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7882876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11004455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         156287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27624086     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343794      1.13%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324141      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1075688      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72042      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650663      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72383      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22089      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296230      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5294620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10719384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333974                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1213810                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180778                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10621950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2232      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9074198     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81998      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289790      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189018     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44184      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10719384                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41060557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21776661                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28653                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5294620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10719384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.767116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.767116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12351662                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8199646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286614                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145657                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6086396                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5446114                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4023962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.992192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6436869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6436869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    337430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14038330998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14038330998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14375760998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14375760998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14375760998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14375760998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93084.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93084.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90222.375740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90222.375740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.529349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.529349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.529349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.529349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   100.690789                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13882091998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13882091998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14020509498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14020509498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14020509498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14020509498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106229.854183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106229.854183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89222.837077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89222.837077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89364.081649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89364.081649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89364.081649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89364.081649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              33880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.284698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44634999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44634999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44634999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44634999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44634999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44634999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63492.174964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63492.174964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63492.174964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63492.174964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63492.174964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63492.174964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36405500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36405500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36405500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36405500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36405500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36405500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64320.671378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64320.671378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64320.671378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64320.671378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64320.671378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64320.671378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157618                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       47.767067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.599941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16306.632992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2676658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2676658                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          303                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              303                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13648374000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13648374000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136003000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136003000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13784377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13817172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13784377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13817172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.537234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.537234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.537234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87733.092494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87733.092494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108235.973597                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108235.973597                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107427.330174                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107427.330174                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108235.973597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87892.069909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87931.298366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108235.973597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87892.069909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87931.298366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          303                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092714000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092714000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29765500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29765500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123343000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123343000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29765500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12245822500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29765500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12245822500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77733.156775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77733.156775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98235.973597                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98235.973597                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97427.330174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97427.330174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98235.973597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77892.133671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77931.362005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98235.973597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77892.133671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77931.362005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314201                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157080                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20021760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20021760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20021760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157136    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937530500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826450500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314909                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           94                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            642                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          642                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20021120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20093184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157620                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9965184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314340     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    736      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313957500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235336497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
