
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2900795383750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59821313                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                110717254                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              166228360                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5494322613                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10168891304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11502400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11502400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        79232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           79232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          179725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              179725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         753398882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             753398882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5189639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5189639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5189639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        753398882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            758588521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      179725                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    179725                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11491968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   79360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11502400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                79232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                179725                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  137419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    119.834963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.194432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.012688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47542     49.24%     49.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40274     41.71%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7616      7.89%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          967      1.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          102      0.11%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2329.571429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2254.706006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    594.068785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      1.30%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      2.60%      3.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      1.30%      5.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      3.90%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            6      7.79%     16.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            6      7.79%     24.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047           11     14.29%     38.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            5      6.49%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            6      7.79%     53.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            8     10.39%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      2.60%     66.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            4      5.19%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            5      6.49%     77.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            3      3.90%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            5      6.49%     88.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            5      6.49%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      1.30%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      1.30%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            2      2.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.103896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.098198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.446755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               73     94.81%     94.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      5.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4502928000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7869715500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  897810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25077.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43827.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       752.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    753.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    83174                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      84367.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                335037360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                178080375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               621094320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1712160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1523885310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24759840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5304258690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        87884160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9282021255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.965680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11861438375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    228884250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2885783250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11632886625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                354386760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188364825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               660978360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4760640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1601843640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24217440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5204386710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106880160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9351127575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.492094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11691103625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9514500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278655000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3056838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11412476125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2189313                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2189313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           117250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1793573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 101100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1793573                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            875204                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          918369                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        50481                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1112504                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     157159                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       190114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2530                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1689757                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8386                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1747105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6971433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2189313                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            976304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28540647                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 240026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67477                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1681371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                19762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.461319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.708649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27902114     91.54%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53794      0.18%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  733240      2.41%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   70805      0.23%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  182871      0.60%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  126508      0.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  130576      0.43%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   55317      0.18%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1224165      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.071699                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.228312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  979234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27587323                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1401266                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               391554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                120013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11827781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                120013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1123278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26129541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30363                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1560998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1515197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11281431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               101666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1142971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                288365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13379760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30573754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        15430770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           101529                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4803204                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8576440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           533                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2316391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1821061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             225234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            12363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10496681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11957                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7823945                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6521082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12232175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11957                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.256696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.964333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27584819     90.50%     90.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1020794      3.35%     93.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             582807      1.91%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             409018      1.34%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             425468      1.40%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             190202      0.62%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             152193      0.50%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              68269      0.22%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              45820      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30687     74.39%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3292      7.98%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6324     15.33%     97.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  711      1.72%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              229      0.56%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            40652      0.52%      0.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6361842     81.31%     81.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3947      0.05%     81.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                31201      0.40%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              41153      0.53%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1169375     14.95%     97.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             168705      2.16%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7056      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7823945                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.256231                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      41249                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          46082265                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         16951155                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7415597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             100408                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             78572                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        45380                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7772792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  51750                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1160186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          433                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       133010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                120013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23336926                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               299782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10508638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1821061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              225234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81680                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         56306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        82573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              138879                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7630597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1111712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           193348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1268838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  874808                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    157126                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.249899                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7501650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7460977                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5504221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8942133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.244344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6522066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           120007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29527718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.135041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.725464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27976216     94.75%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       655207      2.22%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       187986      0.64%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       427003      1.45%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        90230      0.31%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        55859      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17381      0.06%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11912      0.04%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       105924      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29527718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1998592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3987465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        753080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       660856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    639282                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     37176                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3950044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               16275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        11141      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3163878     79.35%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            651      0.02%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           26987      0.68%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         31728      0.80%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         655408     16.44%     97.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         92224      2.31%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5448      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3987465                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               105924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39931325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21975286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            507                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1998592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3987465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             15.278100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       15.278100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.065453                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.065453                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 8437873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6455597                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    79808                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   39910                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4506177                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2132066                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3744770                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           288837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             662394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           288837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.293314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5010693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5010693                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       570889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         570889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        90979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         90979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       661868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          661868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       661868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         661868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       517351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       517351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       518596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        518596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       518596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       518596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34352279500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34352279500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34448888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34448888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34448888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34448888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1088240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1088240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        92224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        92224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1180464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1180464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1180464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1180464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.475402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.439315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.439315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.439315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.439315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66400.334589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66400.334589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77597.590361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77597.590361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66427.215983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66427.215983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66427.215983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66427.215983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.937050                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       229743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       229743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       229759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       229759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       229759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       229759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       287608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       287608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       288837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       288837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       288837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       288837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18662942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18662942500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93883000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93883000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18756825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18756825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18756825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18756825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64890.206462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64890.206462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76389.747762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76389.747762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64939.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64939.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64939.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64939.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6725484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6725484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1681371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1681371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1681371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1681371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1681371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1681371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1681371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    179763                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      407942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    179763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.269332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.403693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.078600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.517708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4799883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4799883                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2879                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        108758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            108758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               109113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   109113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              109113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  109113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       178850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          178850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             179724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 179724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            179724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                179724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88163500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      88163500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17048485500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17048485500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17136649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17136649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17136649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17136649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2879                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       287608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        287608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           288837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               288837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          288837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              288837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.711147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.711147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.621853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.622233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.622233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.622233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.622233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100873.569794                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100873.569794                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95322.815208                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95322.815208                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95349.808595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95349.808595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95349.808595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95349.808595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           32                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            32                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       178850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       178850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        179724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            179724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       179724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           179724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79423500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79423500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15259985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15259985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15339409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15339409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15339409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15339409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.711147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.711147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.622233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.622233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90873.569794                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90873.569794                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85322.815208                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85322.815208                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85349.808595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85349.808595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85349.808595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85349.808595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        359435                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       179721                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             178850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           178472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        178851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       539159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       539159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 539159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11581568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11581568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11581568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            179725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  179725    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              179725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           424379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          974981000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       577674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       288836                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          294                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             84                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           73                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            287608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          464483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       287608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       866511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                866511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18669824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18669824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          179763                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     79232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           468600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 468223     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    366      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             468600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          291716000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         433255500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
