
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10900883705250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               31915305                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 59758770                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               76777159                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   198.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6346443165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11883190827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13708032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13708032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8846080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8846080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          214188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              214188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        138220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             138220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         897866183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             897866183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       579411843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            579411843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       579411843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        897866183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1477278027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      214189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     138220                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    214189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   138220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13707904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8845696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13708096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8846080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                214189                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               138220                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   63340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    9367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       159095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    141.756611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.160770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.759334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        96991     60.96%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39678     24.94%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12725      8.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2977      1.87%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          847      0.53%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          824      0.52%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          708      0.45%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          336      0.21%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4009      2.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       159095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.806414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.971793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.615366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15              3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          4448     51.50%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          3475     40.23%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           636      7.36%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            26      0.30%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             3      0.03%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             3      0.03%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             3      0.03%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             3      0.03%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      0.03%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      0.03%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.03%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.02%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.03%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            3      0.03%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            3      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            6      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.002547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.002377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.077555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8626     99.87%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.05%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5111292250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              9127279750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1070930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23863.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42613.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       897.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       579.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    897.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    579.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.52                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   146522                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   46774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                33.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      43322.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    54.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                567758520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                301755630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               764629740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              359590140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1137084000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2566678650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36706560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3711128070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       144521280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        258935880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9848788470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            645.088523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9543391125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16376500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     481132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1028279375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    376211750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5226444500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8138900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                568244040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                302009895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               764658300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              361886940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1131552240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2555274090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             34825440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3727806270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       131537280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        262689780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9840484275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            644.544604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9572386375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     478774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1055424250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    342754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5200770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8174692375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3546507                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3546507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3137390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 272745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3137390                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1500462                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1636928                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           20                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3636704                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2181702                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        72737                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1954909                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1955068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14414362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3546507                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1773207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28579444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1954909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   13                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.994740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.434078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25405610     83.20%     83.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  434270      1.42%     84.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  320347      1.05%     85.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  373778      1.22%     86.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  210465      0.69%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  691601      2.26%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  370513      1.21%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  170000      0.56%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2558104      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.116147                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.472065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  839027                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25551519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3078974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1064992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              30369377                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1380645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22918462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3545639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2689766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              30368621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               351096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1932015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           33824023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             78280777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45232673                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             33808370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   15649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6755098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3637044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2182219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           120574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           98483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30367379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30363156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        17889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.994382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.047473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           22724039     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1458191      4.78%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1276937      4.18%     83.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1206959      3.95%     87.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             825755      2.70%     90.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             851300      2.79%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             719664      2.36%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             922034      3.02%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             549809      1.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 823042    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     2      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              140      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24544483     80.84%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3636777     11.98%     92.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2181756      7.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              30363156                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.994382                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     823044                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.027107                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92084256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30380813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30362634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              31186060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1034584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12125103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               126820                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30367379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3637044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2182219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                102962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30362893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3636704                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5818406                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3544813                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2181702                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.994374                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      30362725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     30362634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 22011270                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 38387505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.994365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.573397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30532910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.994138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.507019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25863862     84.71%     84.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270116      0.88%     85.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85423      0.28%     85.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533103      1.75%     87.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       237767      0.78%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        52137      0.17%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       250871      0.82%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       320359      1.05%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2919272      9.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30532910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14404496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              30353939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5816564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3635596                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3544198                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 30353870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              272622                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           69      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        24537306     80.84%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3635596     11.98%     92.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2180968      7.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         30353939                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2919272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    57980995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   60736516                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14404496                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30353939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.119803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.119803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.471742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.471742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45221254                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               24635982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19993814                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9180806                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13045364                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           220968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1626499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           220968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.360790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19352940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19352940                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2197855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2197855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2180968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2180968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4378823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4378823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4378823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4378823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       404169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       404169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       404170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        404170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       404170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       404170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35537782500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35537782500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35537888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35537888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35537888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35537888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2602024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2602024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2180969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2180969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4782993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4782993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4782993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4782993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87928.026395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87928.026395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       106000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87928.071109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87928.071109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87928.071109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87928.071109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   155.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           138340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       220970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       220970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20476069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20476069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20476174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20476174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20476174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20476174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92664.894171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92664.894171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       105000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92664.949993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92664.949993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92664.949993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92664.949993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7819636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7819636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1954909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1954909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1954909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1954909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1954909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1954909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    214188                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      226325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    214188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.056665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.167127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.832873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3749692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3749692                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       138340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           138340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          6781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 6781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                6781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       214188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          214188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             214189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 214189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            214189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                214189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       103500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        103500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20069024500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  20069024500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20069128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      20069128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20069128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     20069128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       138340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       138340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        220969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           220970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               220970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          220970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              220970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.969313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.969313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.969313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.969313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       103500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93698.174034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93698.174034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93698.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93698.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93698.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93698.219797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               138220                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    138220                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       214188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        214189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            214189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           214189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17927174500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17927174500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17927268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17927268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17927268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17927268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.969313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.969313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83698.314098                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83698.314098                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83698.359860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83698.359860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83698.359860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83698.359860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        428377                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       214188                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             214185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       138220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            75968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        214188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       642563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       642563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 642563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22553984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22553984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22553984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            214189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  214189    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              214189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1015241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1130362750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       441938                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       220968                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            220967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       276560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          158596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       220969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       662906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                662906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22995712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22995712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          214188                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8846080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           435158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.001516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 435157    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             435158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          359309000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         331452000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
