
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10397061349125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               57482593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                107327741                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              142732791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   106.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6148595824                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11480258275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9970688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9995392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9913600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9913600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1618094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653072854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654690948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1618094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1618094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649333631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649333631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649333631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1618094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653072854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304024579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156178                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154900                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154900                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9995456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9913152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9995392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9913600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156178                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154900                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.317479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   551.381214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.894423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2286      8.24%      8.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2403      8.66%     16.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2213      7.97%     24.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1597      5.75%     30.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1302      4.69%     35.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1495      5.39%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1485      5.35%     46.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1501      5.41%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13471     48.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.142650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.091806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.575461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             51      0.53%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            99      1.02%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9354     96.69%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           121      1.25%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            24      0.25%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.203317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9643     99.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892905750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5821262000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18523.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37273.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142638                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140681                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49078.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99581580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52928865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560340060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405395640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         755392560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1522409580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63591360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2084062500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       331359840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1567219980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7442314605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.466225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11763029750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6329825250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    862971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139676125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4570233500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98574840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52393770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554778000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403177140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517225430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65020320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075719410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       320189760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1578771060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7415095890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.683419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11731354750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6384926375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    833809250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4552149750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1337457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1337457                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1329119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1329119                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287162                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41957                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5348                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     352442                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          974                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2688                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54602                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5847296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1337457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  89                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          849                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.665875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28797849     94.41%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40117      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43021      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224981      0.74%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28026      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9468      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10032      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25296      0.08%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1323051      4.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  432207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28584538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               834762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11709675                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708101                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 280774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1200086                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28288368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11670747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27996175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14854051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24703184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13418159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           316524                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14544257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  309794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5047885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              364508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328802                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11600004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                966                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11527671                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         200880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           839                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.257051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27376879     89.75%     89.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471399      1.55%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             567789      1.86%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348171      1.14%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             341581      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1083946      3.55%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119662      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167157      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25257      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73257     94.12%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  499      0.64%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   818      1.05%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  236      0.30%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2775      3.57%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             245      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4619      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9760658     84.67%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 110      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  348      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              85003      0.74%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308869      2.68%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279602     11.10%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46874      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41588      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11527671                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377527                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77830                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53250854                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11586283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11311374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             386489                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            215771                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       189151                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11405950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194932                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          219                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          631                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               180909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11600970                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              892                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               364508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328802                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               180340                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           219                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11509385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               352280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306023                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319529                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376928                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11504257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11500525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8399898                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11801145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         201228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27441930     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340768      1.12%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322402      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1165537      3.83%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65637      0.22%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       748237      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72819      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22284      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290159      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5635356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11400090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337079                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298191                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184921                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11301898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9664022     84.77%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             85      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82609      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292764      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272655     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44315      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41004      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11400090                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41780932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23235273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5635356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11400090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418413                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418413                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13157854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8727141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291964                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146851                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6513833                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5785441                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4292433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.648247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6804204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6804204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    397343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    397343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13934258996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13934258996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14331601996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14331601996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14331601996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14331601996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1662089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1662089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1662089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1662089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96842.066780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96842.066780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90289.895521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90289.895521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90459.581749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90459.581749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90459.581749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90459.581749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.545455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    165010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13779232498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13779232498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944242998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944242998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944242998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944242998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       107850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       107850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89290.576650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89290.576650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89472.778125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89472.778125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89472.778125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89472.778125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.015441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            6795608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9584.778561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.015441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           218617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          218617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56322500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56322500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64002.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64002.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64002.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64002.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64002.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64002.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63622.708039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63622.708039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63622.708039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63622.708039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63622.708039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63622.708039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156806                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.765109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.866168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16286.368723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661502                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              386                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13547519500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13547519500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40630500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40630500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    162253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40630500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13709773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13750403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40630500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13709773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13750403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545198                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545198                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.975817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87800.436166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87800.436166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105260.362694                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105260.362694                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108676.155392                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108676.155392                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105260.362694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88000.494249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88043.152685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105260.362694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88000.494249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88043.152685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1493                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1493                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12004529500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12004529500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36770500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36770500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147323500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147323500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36770500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12151853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36770500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12151853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77800.436166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77800.436166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95260.362694                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95260.362694                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98676.155392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98676.155392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95260.362694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78000.494249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78043.152685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95260.362694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78000.494249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78043.152685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312389                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156227                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19908992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19908992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19908992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156178    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932594500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313115                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           95                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            669                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          669                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19880064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19970752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156807                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9913664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312600     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    764      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312044500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1063500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233773498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
