
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                61069376500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 521636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   970211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54864028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145158658                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     269986479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             253120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       247168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          247168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16554025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16579177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16189325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16189325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16189325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16554025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32768502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3862                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3955                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3862                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 253120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  248000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  253120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               247168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264794000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3955                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3862                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.304683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.935865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   135.262241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4103     85.39%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          326      6.78%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          128      2.66%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      1.54%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      1.33%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      0.89%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.56%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.46%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.254188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.093511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.46%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               11      5.07%      5.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                6      2.76%      8.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              146     67.28%     75.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19               29     13.36%     88.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               13      5.99%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21                7      3.23%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                3      1.38%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.857143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.848549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.538222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16      7.37%      7.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.46%      7.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              198     91.24%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    354109000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               428265250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     89534.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               108284.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       57                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1952768.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17393040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9244620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14422800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10518300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1165972080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            470694600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45770400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2984248680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2033653920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        680911860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7433910960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.915792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14113715875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     494630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2273281375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5296061250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     585762500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6544373250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16907520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8990355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13815900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9709200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1186869840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            477555120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             52347840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2795419650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2136992640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        737221980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7437116415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            487.125747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14079861375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92235500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     503974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2385485500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5565040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     590192750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6130415625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13156369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13156369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1082059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10895528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1008019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            216540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10895528                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3573464                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7322064                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       787482                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10021963                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7509594                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138147                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        43894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8939589                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16255                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9659648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59573555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13156369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4581483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19703618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2183158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70597                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8923334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               269499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.732852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.579412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12382308     40.55%     40.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854428      2.80%     43.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1238352      4.06%     47.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1406470      4.61%     52.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1139348      3.73%     55.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1105246      3.62%     59.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1013330      3.32%     62.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  893176      2.93%     65.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10501761     34.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.951012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8555660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4359818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15564920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               962442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1091579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108454467                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1091579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9329455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3277466                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15692225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1132043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103350436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1009804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109852197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260081622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155333191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3199548                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68041913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41810305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   940198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11951734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8910311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           523129                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          210524                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92990185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              56590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82824507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           461114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29250645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42826754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.712497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.523989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9855384     32.28%     32.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2864725      9.38%     41.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3070825     10.06%     51.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3106488     10.17%     61.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3125373     10.24%     72.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2776195      9.09%     81.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3052546     10.00%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1662139      5.44%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1020744      3.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 801258     73.33%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13651      1.25%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                105762      9.68%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84584      7.74%     91.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              296      0.03%     92.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87197      7.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           524360      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62566215     75.54%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               53445      0.06%     76.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88239      0.11%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1173941      1.42%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10176091     12.29%     90.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7568038      9.14%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         394842      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        279336      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82824507                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.712473                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1092748                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193788268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119222136                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77300295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3949033                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3076407                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1793121                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81399659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1993236                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1293675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4237896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         9624                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2862                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2576784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1091579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3321243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5263                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93046775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11951734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8910311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20087                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   202                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4821                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2862                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        299501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1430857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80245680                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10015301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2578833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17517587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8634031                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7502286                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.628017                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79706224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79093416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55168556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86486797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.590281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29251061                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1090876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26127767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.441699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.738135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9426432     36.08%     36.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3758350     14.38%     50.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2649300     10.14%     60.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3550689     13.59%     74.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1118014      4.28%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1108530      4.24%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       791320      3.03%     85.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       476557      1.82%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3248575     12.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26127767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33706351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63796142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14047366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7713839                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7360117                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1321471                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62803474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              469336                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       263184      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48370030     75.82%     76.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40418      0.06%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76916      0.12%     76.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        998228      1.56%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7434569     11.65%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6333527      9.93%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       279270      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63796142                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3248575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115926395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190588443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33706351                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63796142                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.905903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.905903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.103871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.103871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115991968                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61946373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2527646                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1249528                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40006404                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21030591                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35287946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1016588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           178.098809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59713500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59713500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8584761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8584761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6333351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6333351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14918112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14918112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14918112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14918112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    255994500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255994500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    515110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    515110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    771104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    771104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    771104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    771104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8590214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8590214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6336734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6336734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14926948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14926948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14926948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14926948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46945.626261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46945.626261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152264.262489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152264.262489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87268.503848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.503848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87268.503848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.503848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           23                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    509079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    656614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    656614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    656614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62780.851064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62780.851064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151511.607143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151511.607143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114993.695271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114993.695271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114993.695271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114993.695271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              941                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             231823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           246.358130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35694279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35694279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8922359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8922359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8922359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8922359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8922359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8922359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15744500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15744500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8923334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8923334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8923334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8923334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8923334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8923334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16148.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16148.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16148.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16148.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16148.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16148.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12823500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12823500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12823500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12823500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13598.621421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13598.621421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13598.621421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13598.621421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13598.621421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13598.621421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3962                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.978294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      167.617878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       160.551475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16055.830647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.010231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.009799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.979970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    110178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   110178                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          941                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              941                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            935                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                935                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    503962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     503962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1587000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1587000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    125408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    125408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    629370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        630957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    629370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       630957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          941                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          941                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2350                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2350                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.006376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253617                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.253617                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.006376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.691836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.594826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.691836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.594826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150301.968387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150301.968387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       264500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 210416.107383                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210416.107383                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159374.651811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159534.134008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159374.651811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159534.134008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470432500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470432500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1527000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1527000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119448000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119448000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589880500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    591407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589880500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    591407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.691836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.594826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.691836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.594826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140301.968387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140301.968387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       254500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 200416.107383                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200416.107383                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149374.651811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149534.134008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149374.651811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149534.134008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7869                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       500288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       500288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  500288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3955    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            24298500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21753750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13302                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6646                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             48                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           48                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       120448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       646464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 766912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3964                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    247296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.082082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10543     99.32%     99.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     72      0.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1414500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8563000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
