
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               442752979625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3589669                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6780479                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55494171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   275.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   987575870                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1865419320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             247040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       197888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          197888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16176749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16180941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12961521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12961521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12961521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16176749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29142462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3092                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3092                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 247040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  198272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  247040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               197888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267572500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3092                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.986532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.501095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   135.938692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3916     87.90%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          253      5.68%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           99      2.22%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      0.90%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      0.76%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.88%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.56%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.49%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.445087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.008138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.157253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            56     32.37%     32.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            53     30.64%     63.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            48     27.75%     90.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            11      6.36%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      1.16%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      1.16%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.907514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.902227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.421240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      4.62%      4.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              165     95.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    275661500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               348036500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     71414.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                90164.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       50                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2455                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2196141.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8696520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4622310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 7654080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5517540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         864183840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            311084340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             39478560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1852645350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1795643520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1486092900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6377110800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            417.696146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14478607250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70651000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     366838000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5740035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4676164125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     350819750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4062836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 23097900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12284415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                19906320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10654020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1283368320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            462804660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46799040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3530459730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2199217440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        284042580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7873503345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            515.708776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14127315000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     544332000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    659255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5727261625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     524713500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7742139250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13293801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13293801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1121988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11056336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1002122                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            215340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11056336                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3528002                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7528334                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       810153                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9887912                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7446264                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        48620                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8971908                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15074                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9718496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59981917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13293801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4530124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19607669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2262620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68819                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8956834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               279786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.762401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.583201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12272887     40.19%     40.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  865476      2.83%     43.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1241512      4.07%     47.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1402827      4.59%     51.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1118157      3.66%     55.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1093760      3.58%     58.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1024418      3.35%     62.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  885244      2.90%     65.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10630137     34.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.964386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8600294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4181950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15658412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               962452                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1131310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109164524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1131310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9387677                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3353675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15766553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               867525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103903671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 65557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                749614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110380255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261297613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156039850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3218949                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67405315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42974923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1062                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1459                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   832805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11869412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8902852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           499881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198654                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93165209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              73257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82733523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           462889                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       30140693                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43896357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         73234                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.709517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9939214     32.55%     32.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2829333      9.27%     41.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3067565     10.05%     51.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3059295     10.02%     61.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3103052     10.16%     72.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2764057      9.05%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3085785     10.11%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1644964      5.39%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1041153      3.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 816277     73.89%     73.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13769      1.25%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                103031      9.33%     84.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                82746      7.49%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              574      0.05%     92.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88318      7.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           520585      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62649323     75.72%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75332      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                84555      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1166667      1.41%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10042498     12.14%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7513199      9.08%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         400583      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280781      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82733523                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.709493                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1104715                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013353                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193616468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        120209763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77080729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3952595                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3170548                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1789332                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81324137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1993516                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1204991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4318323                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2709381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1131310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3409308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1607                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93238466                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11869412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8902852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25664                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    99                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        311157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1488845                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80053084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9881000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2680434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17319039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8638834                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7438039                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.621710                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79487084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78870061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55068247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86141902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.582966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       30141204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1130596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25995067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.427297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.728927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9431891     36.28%     36.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3757901     14.46%     50.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2594604      9.98%     60.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3504174     13.48%     74.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1138537      4.38%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1133259      4.36%     82.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799735      3.08%     86.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       460461      1.77%     87.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3174505     12.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25995067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33310895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63097751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13744554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7551086                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7338855                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1286970                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62131006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              457053                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       256311      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        47996199     76.07%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53616      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74907      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        972164      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7279104     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6193468      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       271982      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63097751                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3174505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116059517                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191106401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33310895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63097751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.916658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.916658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.090920                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.090920                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115497788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61809246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2518911                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1245616                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40006980                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21025361                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35163801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             527555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           106.684530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58983849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58983849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8543995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8543995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6193298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6193298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14737293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14737293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14737293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14737293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643012500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    643012500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643012500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    643012500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8548137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8548137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6196589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6196589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14744726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14744726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14744726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14744726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38748.309995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38748.309995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146617.137648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146617.137648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86507.803040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86507.803040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86507.803040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86507.803040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    477375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564718500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564718500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52145.074627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52145.074627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145986.391437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145986.391437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114199.898888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114199.898888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114199.898888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114199.898888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1083                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             249513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           230.390582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35828419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35828419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8955719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8955719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8955719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8955719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8955719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8955719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8956834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8956834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8956834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8956834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8956834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8956834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12864.573991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12864.573991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12864.573991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12864.573991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12864.573991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12864.573991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13076500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13076500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13076500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13076500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13076500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13076500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12074.330563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.330563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12074.330563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.330563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12074.330563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.330563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3860                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.147409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.936454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.493938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16313.569608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    100212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   100212                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1082                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1082                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1082                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1082                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472426500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     472426500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     73411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    545837500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        545927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    545837500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       545927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1083                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1083                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.354030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.780384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.640345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.780384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.640345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144649.877526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144649.877526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123795.952782                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123795.952782                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141445.322622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141431.994819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141445.322622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141431.994819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3092                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3092                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    439766500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439766500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67481000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67481000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507327500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507327500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.640345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.640345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134649.877526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134649.877526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113795.952782                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113795.952782                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131445.322622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131431.994819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131445.322622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131431.994819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7722                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3862                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       444928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       444928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  444928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3860    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12056                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6028                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       138624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       553984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 692608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3860                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    197888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9865     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     23      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10822000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7417999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
