
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10427596037375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               55722291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                104057398                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              138110960                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   110.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6159765563                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11502923930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9947520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9968832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9856256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9856256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1395921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651555367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652951287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       645577641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            645577641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       645577641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1395921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651555367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1298528928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155764                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154004                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155764                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9968896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9855616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9968896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9856256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267530000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155764                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154004                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    718.186929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   561.060697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.405075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1970      7.14%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2416      8.75%     15.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1963      7.11%     23.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1990      7.21%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1628      5.90%     36.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1676      6.07%     42.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1241      4.50%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1367      4.95%     51.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13353     48.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.194115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.927094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               2      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             48      0.50%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            91      0.95%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9284     96.53%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           134      1.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            36      0.37%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             6      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9580     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.07%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2876454750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5797029750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18466.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37216.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       645.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    645.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  139875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49286.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98817600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52530390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               557848200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              401830380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756621840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1519588650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62459040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2084186190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       328658400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1573244340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7435898190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.045954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11771843500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6345540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    855890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132138375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4570413000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98224980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52226790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554306760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402018300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504777200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64182720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074989240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       314770080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590169800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7401855510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.816183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11778099250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6430084625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    819757000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106426250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4550388500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335602                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               801                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327114                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1289299                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           37815                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4791                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     497349                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1321523                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          728                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2647                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      56055                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   55                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6011926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1293004                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30418676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          983                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    55888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.400327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.674649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28645067     93.90%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   56967      0.19%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   60730      0.20%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  334413      1.10%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   36949      0.12%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   10155      0.03%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10578      0.03%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34744      0.11%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1315646      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.196888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  422533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28543188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   722410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               809879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7239                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12144714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7239                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  709339                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 268781                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1244268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28261401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12109771                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 22041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27952297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15578688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25465262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13973136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           382028                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15295400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  283404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4882554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              508149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329750                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25356                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12045375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11980269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         181774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       264735                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           659                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.392728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.297278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27308832     89.52%     89.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             503928      1.65%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             555460      1.82%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358758      1.18%     94.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             308767      1.01%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1047768      3.43%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             171396      0.56%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             215857      0.71%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34483      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107106     95.25%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  561      0.50%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   927      0.82%     96.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  196      0.17%     96.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             3450      3.07%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             210      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4914      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10047640     83.87%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  283      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             104141      0.87%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              442364      3.69%     88.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275726     10.65%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          57914      0.48%     99.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         47205      0.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11980269                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.392349                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     112450                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009386                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54113108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11971213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11726580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             467119                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            256900                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       229098                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11852175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 235630                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          604                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7239                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  64460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               173181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12046149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               508149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329750                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               172577                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11963917                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               497144                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1818644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1307541                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1321500                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.391814                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11959054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11955678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8767294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12091697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.391544                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.725067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         182034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            115                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30476412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.389300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27403242     89.92%     89.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       383565      1.26%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324060      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1141854      3.75%     95.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64303      0.21%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       626478      2.06%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       106990      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31675      0.10%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       394245      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30476412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5816618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11864474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1799198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       482870                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1300490                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    224704                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11743346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2765      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9960448     83.95%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             227      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        101770      0.86%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         427678      3.60%     88.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1269715     10.70%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        55192      0.47%     99.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        46613      0.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11864474                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               394245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42128675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24122233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5816618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11864474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.249560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.249560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13740483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9143932                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   355740                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  181044                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6522305                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6076203                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4441559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1673711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.763415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7396788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7396788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       490178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         490178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1162247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1162247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1652425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1652425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1652425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1652425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       157897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        157897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       157897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       157897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    355486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13907085999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13907085999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14262571999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14262571999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14262571999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14262571999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       494011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       494011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1316311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1316311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1810322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1810322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1810322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1810322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92743.542917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92743.542917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90268.239167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90268.239167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.327954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.327954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.327954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.327954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    98.670807                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          114                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150852500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150852500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13752515499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13752515499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903367999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903367999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903367999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903367999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104468.490305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104468.490305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89269.007569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89269.007569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.151697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.151697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.151697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.151697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              662                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1603104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2421.607251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           224214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          224214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        55079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          55079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        55079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           55079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        55079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          55079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        55888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        55888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        55888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        55888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        55888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59611.866502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59611.866502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59611.866502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59611.866502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59611.866502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59611.866502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60632.175227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60632.175227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60632.175227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60632.175227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60632.175227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60632.175227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156330                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       63.707184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.743239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16281.549577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2654658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2654658                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13521158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13521158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35670000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35670000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148133500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    148133500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13669292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13704962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13669292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13704962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          662                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            662                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.503021                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.503021                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.503021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.503021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87780.920322                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87780.920322                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107117.117117                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107117.117117                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105961.015737                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105961.015737                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107117.117117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87944.438368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.426671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107117.117117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87944.438368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.426671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11980838500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11980838500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12114992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12147332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12114992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12147332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.503021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.503021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.503021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.503021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77780.985243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77780.985243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97117.117117                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97117.117117                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95961.015737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95961.015737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97117.117117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77944.502705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77985.490871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97117.117117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77944.502705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77985.490871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311422                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155676                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19825088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19825088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19825088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155764    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           927978500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819116250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312325                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156147                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          107                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            758                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          758                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        84736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19820096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19904832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156330                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9856256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311643     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    850      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311013500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233250499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
