
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4855015431750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66456351                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123315010                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              178597917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    85.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5680981925                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10541513187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12449984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12449984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        31360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           31360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           490                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                490                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815464949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815464949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2054057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2054057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2054057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815464949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            817519006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        490                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      490                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12445504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   31744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12449856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                31360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  490                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.627373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.488960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.135431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41856     43.14%     43.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44064     45.42%     88.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9608      9.90%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1330      1.37%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6432.483871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6308.111227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1241.341368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.45%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            5     16.13%     25.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     16.13%     41.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     16.13%     58.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     12.90%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.45%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     16.13%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               31    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4749286500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8395430250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  972305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24422.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43172.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       815.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97519                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     429                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78286.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343819560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182744430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               688131780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 923940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1611366630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24499200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5185515150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       114470880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9356780610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.862364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11670189875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297917000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3077596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11372418625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348824700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185423700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               700326900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1665180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639086300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24484800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5201601120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        77596320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9384318060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.666047                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11609499250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    201913250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3138519125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11407637750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1596794                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1596794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            70863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1274623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51060                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1274623                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            670401                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          604222                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        24600                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     754995                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      61862                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148580                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          985                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1304249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5850                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1336185                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4735687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1596794                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            721461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29008975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 145586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        51147                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1298399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30473387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.312854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.411065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28647807     94.01%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26840      0.09%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  632803      2.08%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30910      0.10%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  130056      0.43%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70115      0.23%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87138      0.29%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26837      0.09%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  820881      2.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30473387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052294                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.155092                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  676353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28526203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   887316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               310722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 72793                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7820330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 72793                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  772585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27237222                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1024028                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1350852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7489808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                82710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1017913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                282359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8919746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20702495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9900929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            44030                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3104213                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5815532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           281                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1971490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1322688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              91095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7084672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5089775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4503452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9171561                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5189                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30473387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.167024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.750406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28406005     93.22%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             815944      2.68%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             432153      1.42%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             292025      0.96%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302404      0.99%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              95727      0.31%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              79398      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              29037      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              20694      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30473387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12246     68.29%     68.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1270      7.08%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3951     22.03%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  298      1.66%     99.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              164      0.91%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20493      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4182500     82.17%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1478      0.03%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11479      0.23%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16140      0.32%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              787806     15.48%     98.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              66613      1.31%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3259      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5089775                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.166688                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17932                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003523                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40637062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11555880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4868511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              40431                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             37440                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17510                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5066371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20843                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       845971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          192                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        58151                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1215                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 72793                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25140681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               291216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7089861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1322688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               91095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19191                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87788                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44023                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               81243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4991919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               754716                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            97856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      816569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  589289                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     61853                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.163484                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4904582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4886021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3592357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5698528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.160015                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4504505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            72789                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29830778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.086703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.547949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28720904     96.28%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       507791      1.70%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124033      0.42%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       328384      1.10%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        60432      0.20%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30425      0.10%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7031      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4863      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        46915      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29830778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1294748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2586409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        509661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       476717                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    455700                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13210                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2573019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4016      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2051434     79.32%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            233      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9773      0.38%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11292      0.44%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         474799     18.36%     98.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32944      1.27%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1918      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2586409                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                46915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36874777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14826309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61301                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1294748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2586409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.583499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.583499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5067875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4242021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    31039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15469                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3071807                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1349074                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2591083                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           243379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             342893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           243379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.408885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3353819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3353819                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       310494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         310494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        31958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       342452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          342452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       342452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         342452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       434172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       434172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       435158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        435158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       435158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       435158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34890912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42171499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42171499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34933083999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34933083999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34933083999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34933083999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       744666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       744666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       777610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       777610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       777610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       777610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.583043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.559610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.559610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.559610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.559610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80361.959085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80361.959085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42770.282961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42770.282961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80276.782224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80276.782224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80276.782224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80276.782224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.813433                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       191770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       191779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       191779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       243379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       243379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19300310500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19300310500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40659499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40659499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340969999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340969999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340969999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340969999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.312983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.312983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79621.086047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79621.086047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41616.682702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41616.682702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79468.524396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79468.524396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79468.524396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79468.524396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5193596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5193596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1298399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1298399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1298399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1298399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194538                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      286524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.472843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.836547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.163453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4086074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4086074                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31950000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      31950000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18401115500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18401115500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18433065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18433065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18433065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18433065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        242402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           243379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               243379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          243379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              243379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.323439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.799292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.799292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101107.594937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101107.594937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94746.108694                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94746.108694                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94756.442418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94756.442418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94756.442418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94756.442418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194215                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194215                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28790000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28790000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16458965500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16458965500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16487755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16487755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16487755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16487755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.799292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.799292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91107.594937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91107.594937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84746.108694                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84746.108694                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84756.442418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84756.442418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84756.442418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84756.442418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389056                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194531                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12481344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12481344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12481344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194529    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       486758                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243378                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            242402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       242402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       730137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                730137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15722816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15722816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194538                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     31360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437319     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    598      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245669000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         365068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
