
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10961953081750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               28760691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 53876602                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68760458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   222.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6385927595                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11962581166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9189120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9189120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      6123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         6123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          143580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              143580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         95682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              95682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         601880715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             601880715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       401094516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            401094516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       401094516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        601880715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1002975231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      143581                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      95682                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    143581                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    95682                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9189184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 6123520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9189184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              6123648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              5886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              5886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              6029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              6008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              6009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              5965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              5983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              6020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             5879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                143581                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                95682                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   5981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   5981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    560.555844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   378.058481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   379.606289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4263     15.61%     15.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4654     17.04%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1864      6.82%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1535      5.62%     45.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1292      4.73%     49.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2391      8.75%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2548      9.33%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1720      6.30%     74.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7050     25.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.003010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.931320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     15.219616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          4823     80.65%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            14      0.23%     80.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            12      0.20%     81.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.10%     81.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.05%     81.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.08%     81.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             8      0.13%     81.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             6      0.10%     81.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           197      3.29%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           347      5.80%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           372      6.22%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           157      2.63%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            28      0.47%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             2      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          5980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             5980    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          5980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2398822250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5090966000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  717905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16707.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35457.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       601.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       401.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    601.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    401.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   124419                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   87525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      63809.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 96054420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51054135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               513373140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              249014880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         964370160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1363523220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             53296800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3806275890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       178303680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        819450420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8094994785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            530.216305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12137516375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24610250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     408252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3326320750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    464329250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2696965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8346866375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98988960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52613880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               511795200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              250434720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         958838400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1345467900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             54964800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3807728250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       169503840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        831541740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8081930280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            529.360589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12099223375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23805500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     405906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3381803125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    441414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2664221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8350193500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4553759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4553759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3866397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 343692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3866397                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1804340                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2062057                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4639626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2749354                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2243                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2405797                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2405808                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      18386848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4553759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2148032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28128869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                     22                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2405797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.271860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.708529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24252526     79.43%     79.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  444191      1.45%     80.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  252768      0.83%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  287116      0.94%     82.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  386676      1.27%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  808981      2.65%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  593993      1.95%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  198279      0.65%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3310158     10.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.149134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.602163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1610175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23332436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4372184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1219882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              38835489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2051004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21211915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  5033363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2238395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38835474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               576843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1256895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           43561004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            100010076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        57651872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             43559919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                     980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6014735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4639655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2749384                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            50616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38835365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38835061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.271834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.178116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20672898     67.70%     67.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1255824      4.11%     71.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1778690      5.83%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1486334      4.87%     82.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1476591      4.84%     87.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1385378      4.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1062556      3.48%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             977071      3.20%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             439346      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 736225    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             31446076     80.97%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4639631     11.95%     92.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2749354      7.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38835061                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.271834                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     736225                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018958                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108941040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         38836144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38835043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              39571286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1219627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           27                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7953566                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               134340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           38835365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4639655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2749384                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                119643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38835043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4639626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7388980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4553642                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2749354                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.271834                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38835043                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38835043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 29158563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 50442269                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.271834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.578058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts            768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30534592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.271819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.805938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24684756     80.84%     80.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358839      1.18%     82.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       181160      0.59%     82.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539275      1.77%     84.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       227873      0.75%     85.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        79778      0.26%     85.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       183494      0.60%     85.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       151182      0.50%     86.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4128235     13.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30534592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18386238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38834484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7388862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4639518                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4553601                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38834484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              343668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31445622     80.97%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4639518     11.95%     92.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2749344      7.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         38834484                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4128235                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    65241609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   77670713                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18386238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38834484                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.660736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.660736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.602143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.602143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                57650960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               31532047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 25689249                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                12028450                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16668139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           143580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             701445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           143580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.885395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24820980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24820980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3261548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3261548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2749351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2749351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      6010899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         6010899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      6010899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        6010899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       158451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       158451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14094161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14094161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14094161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14094161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14094161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14094161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3419999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3419999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2749351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2749351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6169350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6169350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6169350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6169350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88949.650050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88949.650050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88949.650050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88949.650050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88949.650050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88949.650050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        95771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            95771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12639421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12639421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12639421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12639421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88030.512606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88030.512606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88030.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88030.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88030.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88030.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9623188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9623188                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2405797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2405797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2405797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2405797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2405797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2405797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2405797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    143580                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      143579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    143580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2440852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2440852                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        95771                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            95771                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             143580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 143580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            143580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                143580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12424051000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  12424051000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12424051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12424051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12424051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12424051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        95771                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        95771                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           143580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               143580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          143580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              143580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86530.512606                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86530.512606                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86530.512606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86530.512606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86530.512606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86530.512606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                95682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     95682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        143580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            143580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           143580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10988251000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10988251000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10988251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10988251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10988251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10988251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76530.512606                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76530.512606                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76530.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76530.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76530.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76530.512606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        287161                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       143580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             143580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        95682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            47898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        143581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       430741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       430741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 430741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15312768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     15312768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15312768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            143581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  143581    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              143581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           710827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          759294500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       287160                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       143580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       191453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           95707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       143580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       430740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                430740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15318464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15318464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          143580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   6123648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           287160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.002639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 287158    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             287160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          239351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         215370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
