
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               274812194250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2239508                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4223241                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55414877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   275.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   617006491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1163544578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         239424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       215680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          215680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          15682099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15686291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14126884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14126884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14126884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         15682099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29813175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3742                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3370                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3742                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3370                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 239488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  216128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  239488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               215680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268472000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3742                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3370                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.619741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.419528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.530167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3847     87.49%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          238      5.41%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      2.09%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           59      1.34%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      0.98%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      0.91%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.41%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.68%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.763158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.490837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.858847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            13      6.84%      6.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           105     55.26%     62.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            47     24.74%     86.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            10      5.26%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             4      2.11%     94.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.63%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.53%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.53%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.53%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.53%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.773684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.761848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.631067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21     11.05%     11.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.53%     11.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              168     88.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    415023500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               485186000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   18710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    110909.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               129659.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        15.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2146860.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15436680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8200995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13016220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7939620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204079760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            448588860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54163680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2824741590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2225655360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        679380900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7482379575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            490.090451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14135770625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     95244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     511266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2149333250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5795899375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     521136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6194464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15957900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8485620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13701660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9688320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1344832320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            488365170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62096640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3027334980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2535546720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        385207620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7892173980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            516.931689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14027698375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    110448750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     571154000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    790644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6602994750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     553246250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6638856375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13189556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13189556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1129343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10907271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 990703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            216570                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10907271                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3443733                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7463538                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       820045                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9753803                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7295693                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137221                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47086                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8856374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15698                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9605477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59490216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13189556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4434436                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19710467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2277450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        71266                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8840676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               281486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.586769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12443428     40.75%     40.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  867508      2.84%     43.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1212615      3.97%     47.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1395489      4.57%     52.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1095597      3.59%     55.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1084700      3.55%     59.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1011557      3.31%     62.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  857525      2.81%     65.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10565990     34.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948283                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8468155                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4505601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15448343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               973585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1138725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108081004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1138725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9255393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3398783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15564863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1163738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102797392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 67228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1043414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109222921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            258520361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154432511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3146071                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             65841783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                43381056                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               892                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   843532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11769937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8763093                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           477205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          186968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  91994960                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              63139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 81450721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           469716                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       30457595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44287823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         63116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.667506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.536168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10278671     33.66%     33.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2787149      9.13%     42.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3010649      9.86%     52.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2991899      9.80%     62.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3051820      9.99%     72.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2723849      8.92%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3025002      9.91%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1632920      5.35%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1032450      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 804346     73.78%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13078      1.20%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102571      9.41%     84.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                80899      7.42%     91.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              484      0.04%     91.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88848      8.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           513532      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             61681569     75.73%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72945      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                83827      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1135239      1.39%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9928173     12.19%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7361875      9.04%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         390286      0.48%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        283275      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              81450721                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.667482                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1090226                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013385                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         191124198                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119401246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75789863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3871595                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3115531                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1750169                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80074512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1952903                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1161210                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4394152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12203                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2805                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2730322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1138725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3458728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92058099                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11769937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8763093                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             22094                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    82                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2805                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        307533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1190227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1497760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             78738528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9747100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2712193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17034678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8488025                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7287578                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.578658                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      78167351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     77540032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54140561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 84671209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.539408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       30458284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1138073                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25938430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.374871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.716950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9721855     37.48%     37.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3692201     14.23%     51.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2544492      9.81%     61.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3441917     13.27%     74.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1120588      4.32%     79.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1106003      4.26%     83.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       779476      3.01%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       450905      1.74%     88.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3080993     11.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25938430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            32526741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              61600438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13408548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7375776                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7169825                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1252983                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 60659228                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              444961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       249537      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46870735     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          52193      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           72933      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        946492      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7110978     11.54%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6032772      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       264798      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         61600438                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3080993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   114916159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  188803433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             29                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32526741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     61600438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.938756                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.938756                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.065239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.065239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               113516204                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               60825311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2459568                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1211753                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39310374                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20675007                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               34603730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             560717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           116.452129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         57969063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        57969063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8451345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8451345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6032603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6032603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14483948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14483948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14483948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14483948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    229270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    229270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    574861000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    574861000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    804131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    804131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8455251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8455251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6035811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6035811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14491062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14491062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14491062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14491062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58696.876600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58696.876600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179196.072319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179196.072319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113035.001406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113035.001406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113035.001406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113035.001406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    566270500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566270500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    695485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    695485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77746.389892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77746.389892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179483.518225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179483.518225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144381.357692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144381.357692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144381.357692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144381.357692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             300217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           484.220968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35363326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35363326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8840031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8840031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8840031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8840031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8840031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8840031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8840676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8840676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8840676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8840676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8840676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8840676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12893.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12893.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12893.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12127.009646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12127.009646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12127.009646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12127.009646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12127.009646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12127.009646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3749                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.253934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       44.328399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.195329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16315.476272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     90645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    90645                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3144                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3144                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    561420500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     561420500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    115476000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    115476000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    676896500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        677000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    676896500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       677000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          620                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            620                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997146                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997146                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001613                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001613                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.776947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.688500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.776947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.688500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 178568.861323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178568.861323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 193427.135678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193427.135678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 180939.989308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180919.428113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 180939.989308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180919.428113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    529980500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529980500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    109506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    639486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.688500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.688500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168568.861323                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168568.861323                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 183427.135678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183427.135678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170939.989308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170919.428113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170939.989308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170919.428113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7484                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3743                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3742    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21922500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20589500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        10874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5435                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 16311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       544896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 624256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3751                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    215808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9161     99.71%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     27      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            9756000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
