
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3190874922125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58907669                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                109078272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162687036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5528181718                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10236435706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11937792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11937792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        57920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           57920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         781916743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             781916743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3793718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3793718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3793718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        781916743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            785710462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186527                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        905                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186527                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      905                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11929792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   57600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11937728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                57920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267332000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186527                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  905                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.641269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.202000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.947682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45326     46.75%     46.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41833     43.15%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8503      8.77%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1137      1.17%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          107      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3298.232143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3209.716091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    767.049009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      7.14%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      1.79%      8.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      7.14%     16.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7     12.50%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9     16.07%     44.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      8.93%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6     10.71%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      7.14%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     10.71%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     10.71%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.79%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.071429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.067446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.374513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               54     96.43%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4603677250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8098733500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  932015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24697.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43447.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       781.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    781.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89580                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81455.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                339399900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                180406710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               652431780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2886660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1567610580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24580320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5233175130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       111102240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9316902360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.250367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11765318250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2981597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11476672375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352823100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187529925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               678485640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1811340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1621119330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24181440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5195267280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98363520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9364890615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.393563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11648881500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256495500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099080625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11392386000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1857258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1857258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            89760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1483011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  72325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10483                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1483011                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            765833                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          717178                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        35524                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     914694                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     106556                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       171859                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1746                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1495565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6382                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1537649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5698833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1857258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            838158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28797383                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 183620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1489183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.376663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.546942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28327174     92.93%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   36804      0.12%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  690063      2.26%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48191      0.16%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153119      0.50%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   89502      0.29%     96.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  105289      0.35%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38025      0.12%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  995326      3.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186635                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  814443                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28111513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1118219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               347508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 91810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9614489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 91810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  931951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26826792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1266454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1352972                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9195108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                73031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1077967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                204720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10931137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25192632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12388630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72284                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4019104                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6912067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2123171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1546793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             151222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8623288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7965                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6333395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5288397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10492269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7965                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.207765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.856296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28042718     91.99%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             906306      2.97%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             499887      1.64%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348808      1.14%     97.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             355979      1.17%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             135806      0.45%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             112973      0.37%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48021      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32995      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21352     73.51%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2336      8.04%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4640     15.98%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  529      1.82%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              177      0.61%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28797      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5175302     81.71%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2513      0.04%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                21906      0.35%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28909      0.46%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              956647     15.10%     98.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             114160      1.80%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5137      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            24      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6333395                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.207416                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      29045                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004586                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43117969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13864058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6031092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              70947                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             55596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31798                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6297048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  36595                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       969324                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85749                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1236                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 91810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24592444                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               266942                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8631253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1546793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              151222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                54638                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         44969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              104360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6195935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               914163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           137460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1020685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  723173                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    106522                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.202915                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6091769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6062890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4465081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7212977                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.198557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5289070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            91808                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29722337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.112470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.650441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28375924     95.47%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       586602      1.97%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       158406      0.53%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       381671      1.28%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74430      0.25%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44497      0.15%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11796      0.04%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8615      0.03%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        80396      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29722337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1675010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3342881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        642942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       577469                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    555107                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26286                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3316402                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7861      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2650194     79.28%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            462      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           18970      0.57%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22452      0.67%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         573635     17.16%     97.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         65473      1.96%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3834      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3342881                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                80396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38273892                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18027917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          51195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1675010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3342881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.229556                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.229556                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.054856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.054856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6625203                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5251696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    55880                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   27943                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3779135                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1711860                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3118685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           268070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             490286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           268070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.828948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4116222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4116222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       420940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         420940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        64416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         64416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       485356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          485356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       485356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         485356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       475625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       475625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       476682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        476682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       476682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       476682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34326089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34326089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71968000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71968000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34398057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34398057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34398057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34398057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       896565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       896565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        65473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       962038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       962038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       962038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       962038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.530497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.495492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.495492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72170.490407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72170.490407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68087.038789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68087.038789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72161.435716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72161.435716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72161.435716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72161.435716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.546443                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       267028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       267028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       268069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       268069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18946301500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18946301500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69311500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69311500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19015613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19015613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19015613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19015613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.297835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70952.490001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70952.490001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66581.652257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66581.652257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70935.516602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70935.516602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70935.516602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70935.516602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5956732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5956732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1489183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1489183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1489183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1489183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1489183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1489183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1489183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186552                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      337934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.811473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.362695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.637305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4474304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4474304                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         81125                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             81125                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                81542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    81542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               81542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   81542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63200000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      63200000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17657630500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17657630500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17720830500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17720830500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17720830500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17720830500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       267028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        267028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           268069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               268069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          268069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              268069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.599424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.696193                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.696193                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.695817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.695817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.695817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.695817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101282.051282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101282.051282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94983.031473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94983.031473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95004.103964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.103964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95004.103964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.103964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  905                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       905                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185903                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185903                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15798590500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15798590500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15855550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15855550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15855550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15855550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.696193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.695817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.695817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.695817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91282.051282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91282.051282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84982.977682                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84982.977682                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.050352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85004.050352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.050352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85004.050352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        373047                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       559575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       559575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 559575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11995712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11995712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11995712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186527    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           440566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1010127750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       536139                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       268070                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          324                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             48                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           45                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            267029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          451271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       267028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       804209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                804209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17313024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17313024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186552                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     57920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           454621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 454249     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    369      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             454621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          270515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         402105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
