
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3282478986875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58982678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                109232034                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162608722                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5537885866                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10255801584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12134272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12134272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        53824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           53824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                841                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         794786041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             794786041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3525433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3525433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3525433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        794786041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            798311474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189598                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        841                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189598                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      841                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12127872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   54272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12134272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                53824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189598                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  841                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.421130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.665113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.765062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44224     45.53%     45.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42699     43.96%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8831      9.09%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1207      1.24%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3616.169811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3535.107453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    777.961135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.77%      3.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      3.77%      7.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            3      5.66%     13.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     13.21%     26.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7     13.21%     39.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      9.43%     49.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     11.32%     60.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           10     18.87%     79.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      5.66%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.89%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      3.77%     90.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      5.66%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.89%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               53    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4677553500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8230641000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  947490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24683.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43433.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       794.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    794.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92474                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     742                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80169.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                341677560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181624905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               668032680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1580341530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24514080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5217614700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       113626560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9332741055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.287790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11738733750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509650125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    296104500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3009420250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11442629250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351830640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186998625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               684983040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4426560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1622407530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24112320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5198787600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94383360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9373238715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.940358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11646270000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    246112250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11400157875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1845502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1845502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            88031                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1414669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  72232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1414669                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            761709                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          652960                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        31139                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     897766                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      93502                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164258                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1485                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1478900                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5953                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1520522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5632860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1845502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            833941                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28835255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 180224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48552                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1472947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11956                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.372792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.539408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28369975     93.02%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25598      0.08%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  686799      2.25%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43736      0.14%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  148552      0.49%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  101159      0.33%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  101688      0.33%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36017      0.12%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  984600      3.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  793469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28188023                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1086209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               340311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 90112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9378240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 90112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  905716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26795933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1232121                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1456207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8956806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               110902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1055953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                345503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10680316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24614051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12040454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            71976                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3799134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6881128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           431                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2109690                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1535776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             130672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7591                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8425883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6902                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6146621                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5269784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10438503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6902                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.201541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.843136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28135501     92.25%     92.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             865198      2.84%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             489709      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             337730      1.11%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             352171      1.15%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             132962      0.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             109407      0.36%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              44689      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30757      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19635     70.06%     70.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2090      7.46%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5490     19.59%     97.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  464      1.66%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              325      1.16%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              22      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26129      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5029427     81.82%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1724      0.03%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19669      0.32%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              26260      0.43%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              937571     15.25%     98.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              99759      1.62%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5998      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            84      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6146621                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.201300                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      28026                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004560                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42761231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13642647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5859798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              67517                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             59930                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29006                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6113730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  34788                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       980760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          253                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        71331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1068                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 90112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24321117                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               314295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8432785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1535776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              130672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2517                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               110495                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54755                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              101899                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6017844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               897257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           128777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      990740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  698372                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     93483                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.197082                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5915139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5888804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4356775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7007145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.192856                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5270814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            90107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29738375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.106359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.631536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28459618     95.70%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       561946      1.89%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       146570      0.49%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       359459      1.21%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74326      0.25%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43922      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9928      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7842      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        74764      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29738375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1585053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3162951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        614351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       555010                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    529467                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     23750                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3139056                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7061      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2503871     79.16%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            418      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           16958      0.54%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20292      0.64%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         551552     17.44%     98.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         59341      1.88%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3458      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3162951                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                74764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38097376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17629953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36564                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1585053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3162951                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.264143                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.264143                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.051910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.051910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6389109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5112903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    51039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   25514                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3669575                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1664951                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3042050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           258900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             477297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           258900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.843557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4022484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4022484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       418089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         418089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        58215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         58215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       476304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          476304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       476304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         476304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       463466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       463466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       464592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        464592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       464592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       464592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34830482500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34830482500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68630500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68630500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34899113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34899113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34899113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34899113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       881555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        59341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       940896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       940896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       940896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       940896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.525737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.493776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.493776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.493776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75152.184842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75152.184842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60950.710480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60950.710480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75117.765695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75117.765695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75117.765695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75117.765695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26551                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.797180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       205679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       205691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       205691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       257787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       258901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19094469500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19094469500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66287500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66287500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19160757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19160757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19160757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19160757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74070.723116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74070.723116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59504.039497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59504.039497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74008.045546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74008.045546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74008.045546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74008.045546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5891788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5891788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1472947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1472947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1472947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1472947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1472947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1472947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1472947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189615                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      331274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.747088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.645382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.354618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4330255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4330255                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         68762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             68762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                69303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    69303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               69303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   69303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189025                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189025                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58704000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      58704000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17952703000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17952703000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18011407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18011407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18011407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18011407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       257787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        257787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           258901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               258901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          258901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              258901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.514363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.733260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.732319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.732319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.732319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.732319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102450.261780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102450.261780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94975.283693                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94975.283693                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94997.874450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94997.874450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94997.874450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94997.874450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  841                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       841                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189025                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189025                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52974000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52974000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16062463000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16062463000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16115437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16115437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16115437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16115437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.732319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.732319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.732319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.732319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92450.261780                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92450.261780                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84975.336596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84975.336596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84997.927193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84997.927193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84997.927193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84997.927193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379190                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       568787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 568787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12188032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12188032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12188032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189598    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           447681000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1025916750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       517801                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       258900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          427                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             32                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            257786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          445177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       257787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       776701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                776701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16729408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16729408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189615                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     53824                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           448516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 448057     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    455      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             448516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          261397500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         388350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
