
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3221409610375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               57867387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                107157011                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              159717199                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5531533059                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10243121431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11913088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11913152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        58112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           58112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         780298649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             780302841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3806294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3806294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3806294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        780298649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            784109135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        908                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11904128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   57472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11913216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                58112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267384500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  908                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.985863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.722210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.383302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45838     47.13%     47.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41776     42.95%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8458      8.70%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1032      1.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          104      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3274.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3201.116429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    694.567517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      7.14%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7     12.50%     26.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8     14.29%     41.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8     14.29%     55.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8     14.29%     69.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      8.93%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      3.57%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     10.71%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.035714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.033688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.267261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               55     98.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4616434500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8103972000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  930010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24819.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43569.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       779.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    780.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     779                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81621.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342148800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181856400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               654252480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1567470930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24629280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5227203810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116199840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9319070580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.392384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11766354250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9773750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    302794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2981356125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11463560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352266180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187249095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               673801800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4687560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1611956010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24204000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5208359610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        95032800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9362866095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.260959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11667725750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9533000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    247798500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3079092000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11421060625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1896666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1896666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            92595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1524588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  73417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10491                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1524588                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            780065                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          744523                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36821                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     936908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     107701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       173989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1828                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1517328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1562248                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5840278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1896666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            853482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28774619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 188760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        47149                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1511658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.565971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28279086     92.77%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   38142      0.13%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  696983      2.29%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   49250      0.16%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  155873      0.51%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   94247      0.31%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  108498      0.36%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38911      0.13%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1021279      3.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  828716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28062460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1143966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               352747                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 94380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9829766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 94380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  948619                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26729139                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         33806                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1293904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1382421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9394418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                85735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1079696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                226633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11176813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25720861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12662690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            77607                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4079240                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7097574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           477                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2148715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1577295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             154003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8800636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8771                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6475928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5421219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10656947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8771                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.212449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.867546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28000125     91.86%     91.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             917095      3.01%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             505560      1.66%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350715      1.15%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             365376      1.20%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             144051      0.47%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             115557      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              49853      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33937      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22198     72.45%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2309      7.54%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5253     17.14%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  525      1.71%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              344      1.12%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29283      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5291053     81.70%     82.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2341      0.04%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                21872      0.34%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28939      0.45%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              980424     15.14%     98.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             115622      1.79%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6364      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            30      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6475928                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.212084                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30640                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43402107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14166281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6161312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              73704                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             64350                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31916                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6439288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  37997                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       991992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          306                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        89180                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           81                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1399                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 94380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24408961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               273695                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8809407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1577295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              154003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                60847                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              107998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6330244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               936343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           145684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1044024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  740330                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    107681                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.207313                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6222692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6193228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4568312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7385848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.202826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618522                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5421974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            94376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29699614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.114082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.655980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28337883     95.41%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       593319      2.00%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       159444      0.54%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       384518      1.29%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        75628      0.25%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45969      0.15%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12105      0.04%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8542      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        82206      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29699614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1698409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3388190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        650127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       585304                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    563070                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26044                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3361891                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7847      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2688488     79.35%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            458      0.01%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19022      0.56%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22248      0.66%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         581508     17.16%     97.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         64823      1.91%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3796      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3388190                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                82206                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38427572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18406181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1698409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3388190                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.978407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.978407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.055622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.055622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6786669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5363369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    56194                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28084                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3871092                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1766905                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3183573                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           270763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             494069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           270763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.824729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4207031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4207031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       437650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         437650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        63709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       501359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          501359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       501359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         501359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       481594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       481594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       482708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        482708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       482708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       482708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34460147500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34460147500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73221500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73221500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34533369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34533369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34533369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34533369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       919244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       919244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        64823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       984067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       984067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       984067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       984067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.523902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.490524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.490524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71554.353875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71554.353875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65728.456014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65728.456014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71540.908790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71540.908790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71540.908790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71540.908790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32095                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1103                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.097915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       269659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       270763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       270763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18965276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18965276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71233000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71233000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19036509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19036509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19036509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19036509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70330.587891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70330.587891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64522.644928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64522.644928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70306.906778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70306.906778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70306.906778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70306.906778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6046633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6046633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1511657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1511657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1511657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1511657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1511657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1511657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1511658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1511658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1511658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1511658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1511658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1511658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186166                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      354828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.905976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.495878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.045759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.458362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4517022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4517022                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         84149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             84149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                84620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    84620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               84620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   84620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64442500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      64442500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17640556000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17640556000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17704998500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17705108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17704998500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17705108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        269659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           270763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               270764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          270763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              270764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.573370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.687943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.687943                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.687476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.687477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.687476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.687477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101804.897314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101804.897314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95092.210662                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95092.210662                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95115.037901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.117866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95115.037901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.117866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58112500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58112500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15785456000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15785456000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15843568500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15843668500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15843568500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15843668500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.687943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.687476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.687477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.687476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.687477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91804.897314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91804.897314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85092.210662                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85092.210662                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85115.037901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85115.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85115.037901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85115.117866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        372279                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186143                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       558423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       558423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 558423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11971328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11971328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11971328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186144    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           439169000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1008369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       541528                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       270764                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             38                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           34                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            269660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          453506                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       269659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       812289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                812292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17489792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17489920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186166                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           456930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 456550     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    376      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             456930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         406144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
