
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1664140509625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               26032143                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 47413924                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107666399                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   141.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3691417590                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6723403607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           7744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10007360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10015104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         7744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          7744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4169408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4169408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         65147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              65147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            507226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655474843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655982070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       507226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           507226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       273093209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            273093209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       273093209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           507226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655474843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            929075279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      65147                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    65147                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10014976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4168896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10015104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4169408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              4167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267698500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                65147                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  107000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   49389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   4185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        19319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.209431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   553.531857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.196440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1941     10.05%     10.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1481      7.67%     17.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1055      5.46%     23.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1340      6.94%     30.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          678      3.51%     33.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          702      3.63%     37.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          657      3.40%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          975      5.05%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10490     54.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        19319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.918939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.407062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     18.819477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           4021     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           10      0.25%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.147496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.139012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.545759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3743     92.79%     92.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                8      0.20%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              273      6.77%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2102387750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5036462750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13435.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32185.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       273.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    273.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   58837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      68887.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 69072360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 36712830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               553121520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              167608980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         987111840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1330169100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             66831360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2571474060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       856971360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1150903320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7789976730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            510.237843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12176186250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     418906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4305311750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2231774375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2589593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5639145000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 68858160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 36602775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               564174240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              172416600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         954535920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1310339370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62187360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2742868500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       675881760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1167348480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7755361245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            507.970553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12217231250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     68995250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     404884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4456342125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1760171000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2562184500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6014767250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3829226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3829226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            43372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3546969                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 260482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               324                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3546969                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2835515                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          711454                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1577                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    5225842                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1115253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2091                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          792                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2249095                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           80                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   10                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2282329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      26610531                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3829226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3095997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28198608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  87030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  71                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          423                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2249022                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.525772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.848453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                21743755     71.23%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1563603      5.12%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  897861      2.94%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  426759      1.40%     80.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  502163      1.65%     82.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  639059      2.09%     84.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  431805      1.41%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  419793      1.38%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3900148     12.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.125406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.871485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2153572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             22375164                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2824507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3128188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 43515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              45230701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 43515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 3166168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               10518211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4918686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             11876625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              44976786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               517792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               4369206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6377843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           57896561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            105032058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45391357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         26664894                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             53762820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4133604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                32                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            35                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 14327499                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             5423263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1119336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           153282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  44762685                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 42875909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3530672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5135061                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.404619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.951824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           16556803     54.24%     54.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3445479     11.29%     65.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2764020      9.05%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2862304      9.38%     83.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1588667      5.20%     89.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1490192      4.88%     94.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1354053      4.44%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             321892      1.05%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             141536      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   3187      8.26%      8.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      8.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      8.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                34269     88.84%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   392      1.02%     98.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  660      1.71%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                3      0.01%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              62      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20691      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28326326     66.07%     66.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5168      0.01%     66.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   78      0.00%     66.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            8189469     19.10%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2763241      6.44%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             710038      1.66%     93.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2454916      5.73%     99.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        405982      0.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              42875909                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.404171                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      38573                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          89381667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30817771                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29383947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           26934399                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17476192                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13390691                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              29409450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               13484341                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          151289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       470419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          102                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 43515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7194177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1982667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           44763195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              5423263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1119336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 66264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1911528                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               44433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             42786658                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5216373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            89250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6331616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3619470                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1115243                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.401248                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      42778152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     42774638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 33057478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 53402746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.400854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619022                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3530724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            100                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            43438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30067983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.371309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.341729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19326937     64.28%     64.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3105327     10.33%     74.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       506336      1.68%     76.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1149147      3.82%     80.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2055447      6.84%     86.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1811931      6.03%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       151782      0.50%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       213684      0.71%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1747392      5.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30067983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23328232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41232499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6065764                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4952839                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3582104                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  12398378                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32254526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              225300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        19539      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        27458518     66.59%     66.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5156      0.01%     66.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              36      0.00%     66.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       7683486     18.63%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2743494      6.65%     91.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        707110      1.71%     93.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      2209345      5.36%     99.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       405815      0.98%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41232499                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1747392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    73083814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   89983644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             87                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           9742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23328232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41232499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.308916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.308916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.763991                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.763991                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                43963141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               25525670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 23230535                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                11828749                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 17086212                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17987795                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14868683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           157349                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          269249689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1711.162378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24905709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24905709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3704531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3704531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1068260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1068260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4772791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4772791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4772791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4772791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1369630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1369630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1414299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1414299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1414299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1414299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  93309899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93309899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4033093000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4033093000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  97342992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97342992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  97342992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97342992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5074161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5074161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1112929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1112929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6187090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6187090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6187090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6187090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.269922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68127.814811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68127.814811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90288.410307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90288.410307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68827.731618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68827.731618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68827.731618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68827.731618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.520833                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        51273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            51273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1256947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1256947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1256948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1256948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1256948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1256948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       112683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9280362500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9280362500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3988337000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3988337000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13268699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13268699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13268699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13268699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82358.141867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82358.141867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89288.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89288.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84325.485698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84325.485698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84325.485698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84325.485698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47721858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         230540.376812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8996297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8996297                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2248772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2248772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2248772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2248772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2248772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2248772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2249022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2249022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2249022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2249022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2249022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2249022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        66908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        66908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        66908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68564.593301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68564.593301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68564.593301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68564.593301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68564.593301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68564.593301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156663                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      159195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.016162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.363214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        11.110956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16356.525829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677559                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        51273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            51273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          207                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              207                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             86                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 86                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  86                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          121                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              121                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       111705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          111705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3921241000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3921241000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13104500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     13104500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9101041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   9101041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13022282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13035386500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13022282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13035386500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        51273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        51273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          207                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          207                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          207                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            207                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       112683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        112683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           157349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          157349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.584541                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.584541                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.991321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.584541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.993746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.993209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.584541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.993746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.993209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87802.082400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87802.082400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108301.652893                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108301.652893                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81473.891052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81473.891052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108301.652893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83281.309756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83300.656289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108301.652893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83281.309756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83300.656289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                65147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     65147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          215                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           215                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          121                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       111705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       111705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3474641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3474641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11894500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11894500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7983991000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7983991000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11458632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11470526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11458632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11470526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.584541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.584541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.993209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.584541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77802.082400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77802.082400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98301.652893                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98301.652893                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71473.891052                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71473.891052                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98301.652893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73281.309756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73300.656289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98301.652893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73281.309756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73300.656289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313193                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             111826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        65147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            91560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        111826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14184512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     14184512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                14184512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156486    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           623320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822985250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315116                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157554                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           24                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            190                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          189                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            112892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          197592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       112683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       472051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13351808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13378304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156665                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4169536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314011     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    211      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          209038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            313500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         236024500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
