
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6595492662000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69847234                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129841274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183266549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5818745096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10816655074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12562240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12562240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         822817636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             822817636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1546831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1546831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1546831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        822817636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            824364467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196285                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        369                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196285                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      369                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12559936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12562240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267298500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196285                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  369                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.125572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.962547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.035988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41672     42.76%     42.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44562     45.72%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9747     10.00%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1308      1.34%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          137      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           8597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8379.212528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1944.583339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     13.04%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.70%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.70%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.04%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.70%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.35%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     13.04%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     13.04%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4781930250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8461599000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  981245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24366.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43116.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       822.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    822.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98842                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     320                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77635.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345647400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183715950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               692944140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1226700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1627397880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5170372530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       113793600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9364835400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.389947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11634842625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    296335250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112603500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339125375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350181300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186137160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               708273720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 694260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1651172010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24278400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5198231850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        70462560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9394740300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.348696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11583733125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    183471250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164704750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11400308125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1325305                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1325305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1020641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  38266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1020641                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            570089                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          450552                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17055                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     645611                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      45841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138371                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          782                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1114353                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3609                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1138466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3868615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1325305                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            608355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29273562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 108910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31340                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1110744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.254986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.273338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28984446     95.03%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16948      0.06%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  556365      1.82%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22962      0.08%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  110046      0.36%     97.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   54268      0.18%     97.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77561      0.25%     97.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19463      0.06%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  658179      2.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.126696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  545467                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28924133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   695684                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               280499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6405185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  626919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27782113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   823325                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1206855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6151476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                67315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                953779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                196012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7338070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17121702                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8072722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29784                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2749482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4588589                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1808903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1110767                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              64515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5852114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4246155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3564592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7388955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.139217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.675916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28711378     94.13%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             735867      2.41%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             382142      1.25%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             259026      0.85%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             243073      0.80%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              69841      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61139      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21581      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16191      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9072     67.55%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  921      6.86%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3169     23.60%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209      1.56%     99.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               49      0.36%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14042      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3490224     82.20%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 731      0.02%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8264      0.19%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11962      0.28%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              670123     15.78%     98.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              48919      1.15%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1854      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            36      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4246155                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.139060                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13430                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38982390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9395788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4081995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28873                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24026                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13047                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4230704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14839                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       680532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1331                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25993375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               251503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5855221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1110767                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               64515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13796                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                54914                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30778                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60301                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4176815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               645415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            69340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      691242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  511732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     45827                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136789                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4108335                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4095042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2971283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4771220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.134111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3565174                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29996056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.502808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28983341     96.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       468492      1.56%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115850      0.39%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       310591      1.04%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49016      0.16%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24957      0.08%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4550      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3558      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35701      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29996056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1147038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2290628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        454486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430235                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    411729                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9702                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2280830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2916      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1817716     79.35%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            171      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7047      0.31%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8292      0.36%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428825     18.72%     98.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24251      1.06%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1410      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2290628                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35816157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12216988                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1147038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2290628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.620469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.620469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4244255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3542499                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23119                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11499                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2705752                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1156604                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2201987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             262072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.156698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2874365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2874365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       238350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         238350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       261703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          261703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       261703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         261703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       399348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       399348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       400246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        400246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       400246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       400246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34230777500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34230777500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33356999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33356999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34264134499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34264134499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34264134499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34264134499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       637698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       637698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       661949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       661949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       661949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       661949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.626234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.626234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.604648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.604648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.604648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.604648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85716.661909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85716.661909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37145.878619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37145.878619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85607.687520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85607.687520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85607.687520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85607.687520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.099122                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       173675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       173677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       173677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19244587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19244587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32250999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32250999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19276838499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19276838499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19276838499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19276838499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85276.428727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85276.428727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35994.418527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35994.418527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85081.535863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85081.535863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85081.535863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85081.535863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4442976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4442976                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1110744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1110744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1110744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196289                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      251806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.282833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.046615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.953385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3818921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3818921                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29624                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29624                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                30283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               30283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196049                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196049                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23680500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23680500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18569699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18569699500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18593380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18593380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18593380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18593380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225673                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225673                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.264509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868730                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.868730                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.866341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.866341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.866341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.866341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99917.721519                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99917.721519                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94719.684875                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94719.684875                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94725.961098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.961098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94725.961098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.961098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196049                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196049                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21310500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21310500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16609219500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16609219500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16630530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16630530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.866341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.866341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89917.721519                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89917.721519                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84719.735882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84719.735882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84726.012044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84726.012044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84726.012044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84726.012044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392564                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196286                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       588849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       588849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 588849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196285    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464124500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1060556750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       453138                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226572                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          563                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          420363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       679707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                679707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14636480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14636480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196289                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           422858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 422280     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    578      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             422858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339853500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
