
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6198541714750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67281426                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125022789                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177461801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5788334743                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10755923760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12522688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12522688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         820227009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             820227009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1622286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1622286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1622286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        820227009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            821849295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195666                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        387                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195666                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      387                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12518976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12522624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267310500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195666                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  387                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.558929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.632300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.449999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41750     42.80%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44860     45.98%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9543      9.78%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1240      1.27%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8133.041667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7933.344176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1828.345450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.33%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.50%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     16.67%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     12.50%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     12.50%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.17%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               24    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4812136250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8479805000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  978045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24600.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43350.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       819.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    820.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98091                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77873.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347004000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184406640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               695250360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1242360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634579880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24626880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5212964640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        71679840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376449000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.150629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11619169625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    186511375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11432658250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349638660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185825970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701412180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 762120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645937700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24429120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5162828580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104532960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380061690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.387258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11593928250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    272364750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3153569625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11322389000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1156416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1156416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            43272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              865540                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4399                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         865540                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            506748                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          358792                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14122                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     582362                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      41074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135033                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          643                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     996616                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2790                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1015603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3348777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1156416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            536409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29395311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  88306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        28685                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   993826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.220380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.182538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29156042     95.64%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16057      0.05%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  507049      1.66%     97.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19132      0.06%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   99026      0.32%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   38186      0.13%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74069      0.24%     98.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15151      0.05%     98.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  561692      1.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.037872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.109671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  473079                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29114766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   589014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               265392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 44153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5626848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 44153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  547299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28057616                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   712829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1114754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5423696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                44343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                931038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                124015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6481759                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15146319                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7092827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            33455                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2705318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3776440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1713950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              976361                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3039                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5175833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3816839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2929579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6234708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2804                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.125198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.635241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28834945     94.58%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             704283      2.31%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             356314      1.17%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             239534      0.79%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             207584      0.68%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59378      0.19%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              50973      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18882      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14511      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8519     69.79%     69.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  919      7.53%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2401     19.67%     96.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  207      1.70%     98.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              151      1.24%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11790      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3136857     82.18%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 529      0.01%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8566      0.22%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12121      0.32%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              600485     15.73%     98.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              43818      1.15%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2650      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            23      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3816839                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.125000                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12207                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38106276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8079079                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3680842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30793                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13275                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3801382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15874                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       559059                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        32293                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1332                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 44153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26663998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               232329                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5178637                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               976361                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1027                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10900                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                35737                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         24159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               49173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3761348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               582163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            55491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      623229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  477919                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     41066                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.123183                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3705007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3694117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2642132                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4320643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.120981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611514                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2929932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            44147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30077871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.497879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29082860     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       457275      1.52%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117993      0.39%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       310625      1.03%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42229      0.14%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22450      0.07%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4721      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3314      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36404      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30077871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1126525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2249058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        441900                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       417302                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    402304                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9996                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2238958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3056      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1787882     79.49%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            174      0.01%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7526      0.33%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8520      0.38%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         415826     18.49%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24598      1.09%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1476      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2249058                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35220457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10767639                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          48284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1126525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2249058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.105202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.105202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3878035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3180469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23445                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11661                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2557059                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1075716                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1989265                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           220172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             218562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           220172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.992688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2615896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2615896                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       191873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         191873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       215598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          215598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       215598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         215598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       382460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       382460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       383333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        383333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       383333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       383333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33524599500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33524599500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33240500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33240500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33557840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33557840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33557840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33557840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       574333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       574333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       598931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       598931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       598931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       598931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.665920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.665920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.640029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.640029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87655.178319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87655.178319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38076.174112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38076.174112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87542.267428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87542.267428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87542.267428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87542.267428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14682                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.591865                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       163156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       163162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       163162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       219304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       220171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       220171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19161503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19161503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19193620500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19193620500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19193620500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19193620500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87374.160982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87374.160982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37044.405998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37044.405998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87175.970041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87175.970041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87175.970041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87175.970041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3975304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3975304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         993826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          993826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         993826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       993826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       993826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       993826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       993826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195669                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      239126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.222094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.869845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.130155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3715933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3715933                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23880                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23880                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                24505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               24505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23961500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23961500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18557811500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18557811500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18581773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18581773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18581773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18581773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       219304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        219304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           220171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               220171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          220171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              220171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279123                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.279123                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.891110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.891110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.888700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.888700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.888700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.888700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99014.462810                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99014.462810                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94961.783097                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94961.783097                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.795458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.795458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.795458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.795458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  387                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       387                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21541500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21541500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16603561500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16603561500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16625103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16625103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16625103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16625103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.891110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.888700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.888700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89014.462810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89014.462810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84961.731926                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84961.731926                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.744350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.744350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.744350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.744350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391326                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       586993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       586993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 586993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12547456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12547456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12547456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195666    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1057441500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       440343                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       220167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          567                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            219305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          413320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       219304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       660515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                660515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14227584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14227584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195669                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           415840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 415269     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    570      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             415840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          222305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         330258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
