
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3236676954500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58060783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                107517578                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160204374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5533142694                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10246334565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12114816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12114880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        55680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           55680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         793511687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             793515879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3647000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3647000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3647000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        793511687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            797162879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189295                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12106304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   56064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12114880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                55680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    134                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267364500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189295                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.823613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.169257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.484970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44760     45.94%     45.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42437     43.55%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8899      9.13%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1187      1.22%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      0.10%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3539.518519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3437.676453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    847.812674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      5.56%      9.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      3.70%     12.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      3.70%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8     14.81%     42.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6     11.11%     53.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     11.11%     64.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      9.26%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            9     16.67%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.85%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.85%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.85%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.85%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      1.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.222222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.210768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.634441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               48     88.89%     88.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6     11.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4654366500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8201135250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  945805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24605.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43355.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       792.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    793.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     770                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80284.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                339956820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                180691335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               659650320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 991800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1572242970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24631680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5229686730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110087520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9323248215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.666016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11755707000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    286867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2991952375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11469004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                355750500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                189089670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690952080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3580920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638055170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24102240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5181181440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96042720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9384063780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.649392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11611844875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    250435000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136153250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11361409875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1887867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1887867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            93863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1521262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  75833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1521262                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            769789                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          751473                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        37718                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     924606                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     106039                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       165396                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1666                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1489757                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1534836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5831628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1887867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            845622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28774451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 191978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56655                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1483320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30465419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.567477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28274599     92.81%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39597      0.13%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  679578      2.23%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   49942      0.16%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  154630      0.51%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   98082      0.32%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  105249      0.35%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   40720      0.13%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1023022      3.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30465419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.061827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190984                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  820639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28061542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1143005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               344244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 95989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9767788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 95989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  938749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26711767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         32267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1287784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1398863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9325695                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               100980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1046689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                285168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11078894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25480080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12586340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72629                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3864732                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7214162                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           549                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2092989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1570726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             152802                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7692                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8726538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6380865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5521982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10741570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8578                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30465419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.209446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.862564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28029633     92.00%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             893312      2.93%     94.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             494513      1.62%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             343323      1.13%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             365877      1.20%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             142077      0.47%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             115163      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48481      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33040      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30465419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20961     72.03%     72.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2276      7.82%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5123     17.61%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  505      1.74%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              225      0.77%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29897      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5211498     81.67%     82.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2360      0.04%     82.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                20880      0.33%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28092      0.44%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              969124     15.19%     98.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             113696      1.78%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5292      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            26      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6380865                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.208971                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      29099                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004560                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43196885                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14197770                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6066608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              69600                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             59338                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        30865                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6344144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  35923                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1013669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          263                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           70                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1306                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 95989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24240494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               279215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8735116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1570726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              152802                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22285                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                73834                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              109547                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6235731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               924065                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           145134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1030079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  719140                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    106014                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.204218                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6127721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6097473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4509291                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7236111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623165                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5522938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95981                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29665796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.108311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.636988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28367995     95.63%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       568198      1.92%     97.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       150185      0.51%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       365157      1.23%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        75452      0.25%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43769      0.15%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11904      0.04%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8070      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        75066      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29665796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1609635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3213134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        617969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       557057                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    535287                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     24458                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3188427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7381      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2548548     79.32%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            430      0.01%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17914      0.56%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20892      0.65%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         553491     17.23%     97.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         60912      1.90%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3566      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3213134                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                75066                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38326802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18274964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          69270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1609635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3213134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.969946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.969946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6651898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5289283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    54556                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   27285                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3720846                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1711935                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3131706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           257280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             506574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           257280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.968960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4132248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4132248                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       445042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         445042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        59851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         59851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       504893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          504893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       504893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         504893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       462788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       462788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       463849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        463849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       463849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       463849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34852468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34852468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67651499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67651499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34920119999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34920119999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34920119999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34920119999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       907830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       907830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        60912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       968742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       968742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       968742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       968742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.509774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.509774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.478816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.478816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.478816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75309.793037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75309.793037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63762.016023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63762.016023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75283.378856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75283.378856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75283.378856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75283.378856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              920                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.915217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       206558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       206569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       206569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       206569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       257280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       257280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19031543500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19031543500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65598999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65598999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19097142499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19097142499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19097142499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19097142499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74275.235140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74275.235140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62475.237143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62475.237143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74227.077499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74227.077499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74227.077499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74227.077499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1585262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs               792631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5933282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5933282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1483317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1483317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1483317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1483317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1483317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1483317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1483320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1483320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1483320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1483320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1483320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1483320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189322                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      332408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.755781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.709920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.139723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.150357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4304274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4304274                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               464                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   464                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         67522                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67522                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                67986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    67987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               67986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   67987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59071000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      59071000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17905636500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17905636500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17964707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17964811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17964707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17964811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       256229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        256229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           257280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               257282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          257280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              257282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.558516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.558516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.736478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.735751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.735749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.735751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.735749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100632.027257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100632.027257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94885.915732                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94885.915732                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94903.734403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94903.782456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94903.734403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94903.782456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53201000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53201000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16018566500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16018566500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16071767500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16071861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16071767500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16071861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.558516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.736478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.735751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.735749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.735751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.735749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90632.027257                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90632.027257                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84885.915732                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84885.915732                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84903.734403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.782456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84903.734403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.782456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        378586                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189298                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       567881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       567881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 567881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12170560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189295    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           446397500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1024652000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       514564                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       257283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          354                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             42                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            256231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       256229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       771840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                771846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16616064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16616320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189322                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     55680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 446207     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    393      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          259630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         385920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
