
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1679407853750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               31430073                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 57241716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129245123                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3712741067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6761794170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       18283136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           18286208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       384320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          384320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          285674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              285722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            201214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1197532187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1197733401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       201214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           201214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        25172682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             25172682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        25172682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           201214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1197532187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1222906083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      285722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6005                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    285722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               18286208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  384192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                18286208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               384320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             17685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             17697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             17813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             17831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             17938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             17937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             17937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             17962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             17954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             17923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            17922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            17927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            17853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            17796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            17806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            17741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267392500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                285722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6005                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  166079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  119590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    924.706488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   853.075530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.545713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          357      1.77%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          330      1.63%      3.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          585      2.90%      6.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          364      1.80%      8.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          745      3.69%     11.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          324      1.60%     13.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          543      2.69%     16.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          542      2.68%     18.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16400     81.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     997.192000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.274231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  18836.090836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383          374     99.73%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.115346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              373     99.47%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2512030500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7869318000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1428610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8791.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27541.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1197.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        25.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1197.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     25.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   265997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      52334.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    93.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 72014040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 38276370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1019592000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               15383340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         814398000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1473624420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65604000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2068897650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       514142880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1516857960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7598790660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            497.715293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11836625875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     71232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     345370000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5988898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1338915625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2985799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4537129000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 72149700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 38344680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1020463080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               15952320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         816241920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1474701150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65923200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074127400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       515596800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1511878320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7605378570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            498.146797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11861662875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     71616000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     346156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5970448875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1342696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2987851250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4548575500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4266001                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4266001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4264839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               212                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4264839                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4245118                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           19721                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1196                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4224254                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     183180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         4291                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          402                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      17991                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             22632                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      21364072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4266001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4246134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30505205                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   3342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  42                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          257                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    17946                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  417                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.260128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.642719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22016088     72.11%     72.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 3293699     10.79%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  374449      1.23%     84.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  410140      1.34%     85.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  157972      0.52%     85.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  147434      0.48%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  421243      1.38%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  368326      1.21%     89.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3340456     10.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.139710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.699666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1587391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24131108                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1340214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3469423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              38457463                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2417953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               17308822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3978610                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6821092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38449748                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              1068688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2725027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               2355909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           63695976                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             85786586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        51350892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           170754                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             63631921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   64357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                28                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            27                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 12489484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4227090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             185399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38435072                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38419498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          45048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        64573                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           331                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.258426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.956522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18946065     62.06%     62.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2654020      8.69%     70.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1573037      5.15%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2615348      8.57%     84.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1056092      3.46%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1736275      5.69%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1777446      5.82%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             169251      0.55%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               2273      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2719     92.17%     92.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   18      0.61%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    86      2.92%     95.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   61      2.07%     97.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.07%     97.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              64      2.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6206      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34003758     88.51%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  41      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   21      0.00%     88.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                950      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4224720     11.00%     99.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              15695      0.04%     99.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            190      0.00%     99.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        167917      0.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38419498                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.258225                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       2950                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         107033810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         38310186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38244985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             338498                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            170361                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       169109                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38246971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 169271                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         6159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           10                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          138                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               14329004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1654749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           38435442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4227090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              185399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               142                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 44241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1610486                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           402                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                2101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38415798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4224231                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             3703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4407408                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4258722                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    183177                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.258104                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38414861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38414094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 32021245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 45920641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.258048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.697317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          45059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             39                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30522612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.257774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.023373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21673532     71.01%     71.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343497      1.13%     72.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        25656      0.08%     72.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       176947      0.58%     72.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4073623     13.35%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4219601     13.82%     99.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          419      0.00%     99.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4794      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         4543      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30522612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            21323477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38390563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4402695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4220949                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4256866                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    168667                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38384168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5698      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33981418     88.52%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             37      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           708      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4220857     10.99%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         13978      0.04%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       167768      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         38390563                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                 4543                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    68953691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   76878419                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           4881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   21323477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38390563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.431975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.431975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.698336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.698336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                51293067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               33966062                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   170008                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1084                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 21301964                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                29690531                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12925856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           285823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             987698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           285823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.455628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17905319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17905319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       833180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         833180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       159399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        159399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       992579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          992579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       992579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         992579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      3389977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3389977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        22318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3412295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3412295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3412295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3412295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 223491965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 223491965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1873537999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1873537999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 225365502999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 225365502999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 225365502999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 225365502999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4223157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4223157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       181717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4404874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4404874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4404874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4404874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.802712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65927.280628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65927.280628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83947.396675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83947.396675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66045.140587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66045.140587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66045.140587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66045.140587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            21499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3126467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3126467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3126471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3126471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3126471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3126471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       285824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       285824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       285824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       285824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21053606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21053606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1850952500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850952500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22904558500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22904558500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22904558500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22904558500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79896.800880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79896.800880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82950.277852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82950.277852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80135.182840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80135.182840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80135.182840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80135.182840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             518875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4118.055556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            71910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           71910                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        17789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        17789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           17789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        17789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          17789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        17946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        17946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        17946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        17946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        17946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48859.872611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.872611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48859.872611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.872611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48859.872611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.872611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6202500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6202500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49226.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49226.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49226.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49226.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49226.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49226.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    285815                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      285788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    285815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.144018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.585955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.270027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4860967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4860967                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            21499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          126                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              126                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             78                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 78                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  78                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               48                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       263366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          263366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             285675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 285723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                48                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            285675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                285723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1817524000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1817524000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5191500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      5191500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20656723000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  20656723000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22474247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      22479438500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22474247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     22479438500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          126                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          126                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             22315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       263509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        263509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           285824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               285950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          285824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              285950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999731                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999731                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.380952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.380952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999457                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999457                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.380952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.380952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81470.437940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81470.437940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108156.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108156.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78433.522171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78433.522171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108156.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78670.681719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78675.635143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108156.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78670.681719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78675.635143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6005                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6005                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263366                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       263366                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        285675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            285723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       285675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           285723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1594444000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1594444000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4711500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4711500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18023063000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18023063000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19617507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19622218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19617507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19622218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71470.886189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71470.886189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98156.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68433.522171                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68433.522171                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98156.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68670.716724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68675.670142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98156.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68670.716724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68675.670142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        571445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       285725                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             263414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           279718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        263414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       857167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       857167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 857167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18670528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18670528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18670528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            285722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  285722    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              285722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           689804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1500791250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       571899                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       285952                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            104                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          104                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            263635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          544134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            22315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       263509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       857470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                857848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19668608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19684736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          285815                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    384320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           571765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 571642     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    123      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             571765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          307574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            189000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         428735498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
