
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10595536822750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               55473204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                103678879                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              136145062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   112.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6220778145                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11626575913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9944192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9899008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9899008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1701933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651337385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653039318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1701933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1701933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648377866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648377866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648377866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1701933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651337385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301417184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155784                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155784                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9970176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9898368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9970176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9899008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155784                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    720.146151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.222429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.243924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2038      7.39%      7.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2193      7.95%     15.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2078      7.53%     22.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2016      7.31%     30.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1600      5.80%     35.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1685      6.11%     42.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1329      4.82%     46.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1130      4.10%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13519     49.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.647075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             57      0.59%      0.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.05%      1.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9348     96.76%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           107      1.11%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.164447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9628     99.66%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882371000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5803321000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18502.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37252.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140557                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49177.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99403080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52826400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561232560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406303920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757236480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514411340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62797920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2099962080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       333376320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1562296980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7449847080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.959597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11782646125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42387250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6309390125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    868177500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4605123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97582380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51870060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               551065200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401031720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510733700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63612960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071323570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       321044640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1585951140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402516140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.859454                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11710168125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317092000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6409618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    836083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117784250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4542370125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1343520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1343520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1333675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1333675                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291097                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42578                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5457                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     514166                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327359                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          884                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2666                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64170                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          246                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             92910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6093901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1343520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30398891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1087                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.682055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28621239     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   57991      0.19%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62335      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335098      1.10%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38739      0.13%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11629      0.04%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12257      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36356      0.12%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1325420      4.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28511158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   732792                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               815258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12256485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  719999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 281691                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1260400                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28215415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12217479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 27029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27902055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15707600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25737561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14102359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           453385                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15393918                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  313653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4877403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              526169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           23529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12146380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12074600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         200726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       291491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           717                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27280069     89.44%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             509732      1.67%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557304      1.83%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362682      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315347      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1045996      3.43%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174679      0.57%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             219268      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35987      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107971     94.47%     94.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  631      0.55%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1072      0.94%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  250      0.22%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4156      3.64%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             206      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5651      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10097116     83.62%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  87      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  332      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             125017      1.04%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              448329      3.71%     88.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275140     10.56%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69111      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53817      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12074600                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395439                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114286                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009465                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54212687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12045882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11775147                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             554086                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            302338                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       271893                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11903732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 279503                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          640                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8043                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               165309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12147245                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               526169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               382                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               164532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2091                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12056270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               513939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1841277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312679                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327338                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394838                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12050873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12047040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8836127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12201327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         201000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7855                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.392085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27378559     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       391233      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326162      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1139257      3.74%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67471      0.22%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       622398      2.04%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       108110      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32916      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       403029      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5875262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11946506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1819495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497871                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1304839                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    267046                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11801105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3219      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10001049     83.72%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        122393      1.02%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         431719      3.61%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268425     10.62%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66152      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11946506                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               403029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42213612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24327540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5875262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11946506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.197162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.197162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13844896                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9187857                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   424087                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  217044                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6546454                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6105549                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4475335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1673147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.763179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7482999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7482999                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       505264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         505264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1673143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1673143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1673143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1673143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    462941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13880388997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13880388997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14343329997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14343329997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14343329997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14343329997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       510247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       510247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1321640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1831887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1831887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1831887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1831887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92904.073851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92904.073851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90272.494306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90272.494306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90355.100016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90355.100016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90355.100016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90355.100016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17317                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.192708                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177725500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177725500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13726035997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13726035997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903761497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903761497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13903761497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13903761497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104482.951205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104482.951205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89273.288957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89273.288957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.715266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.715266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.715266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.715266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              16899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.713710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           256804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          256804                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56894500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56894500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56894500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56894500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56894500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56894500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62044.165758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62044.165758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62044.165758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62044.165758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62044.165758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62044.165758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63909.759358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63909.759358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63909.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63909.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63909.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63909.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156435                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.197427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.045667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16284.756906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8517                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2655339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2655339                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              743                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              406                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1653                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1653                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13495073000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13495073000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43110000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    174576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13669649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13712759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13669649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13712759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          743                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153749                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153749                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545699                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545699                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87787.106847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87787.106847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106182.266010                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106182.266010                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105611.615245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105611.615245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106182.266010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87976.734158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88024.180917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106182.266010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87976.734158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88024.180917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1653                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11957813000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11957813000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39050000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39050000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158046000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158046000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12115859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12154909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12115859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12154909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77787.041795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77787.041795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96182.266010                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96182.266010                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95611.615245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95611.615245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96182.266010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77976.669799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.116726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96182.266010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77976.669799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.116726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311683                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155916                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19869248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19869248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19869248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155784    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931064500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819274250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156195                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            601                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          601                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19816192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19911424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156439                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9899264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311925     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    712      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233179498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
