
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2977132104375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58202062                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                107735163                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              161445661                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5503960968                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10188131097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11638976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11638976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        72640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           72640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          181859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              181859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         762344512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             762344512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4757867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4757867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4757867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        762344512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            767102379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      181857                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1135                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    181857                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1135                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11630848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   71936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11638848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                72640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267288500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                181857                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1135                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    120.631750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.886898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.960169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47200     48.65%     48.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40819     42.08%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7888      8.13%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          958      0.99%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           82      0.08%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           70                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2568.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2495.325220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    608.004710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            4      5.71%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9     12.86%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7     10.00%     31.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           16     22.86%     54.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7     10.00%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     10.00%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           13     18.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      4.29%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.43%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            70                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           70                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.335603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               68     97.14%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            70                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4562626500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7970101500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  908660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25106.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43856.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       761.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    762.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    84879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     965                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83431.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                333088140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                177040545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               626820600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 485460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1527609120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24844320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5277900180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106860480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9279957885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.830531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11853431500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278277250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2893826500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11575270375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                359584680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                191123790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               670753020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5381820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1626494430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24339360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5180537340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106083360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9369606840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.702473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11636268000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    276580750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111613500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11359695875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1928035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1928035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            93242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1415399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  82138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1415399                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            795989                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          619410                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34588                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     989394                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     127639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       185419                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1930                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1561154                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5851                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1606393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6017818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1928035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            878127                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28740232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 190660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        47304                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1555303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30492466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.397994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.588055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28230747     92.58%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30317      0.10%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  706090      2.32%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   55961      0.18%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  159460      0.52%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  103788      0.34%     96.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  118428      0.39%     96.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   43297      0.14%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1044378      3.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30492466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.063142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.197081                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  849142                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28002914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1180409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               364671                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 95330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10196686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 95330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  973285                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26612028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1336394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1455882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9758369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1128103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                256137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11616134                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26711909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13268619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            99012                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4527316                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7088823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2236783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1624649                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             175360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9161224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8812                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6843165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5408228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10576127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8812                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30492466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.224422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.894626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27894019     91.48%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             940239      3.08%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             538604      1.77%     96.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             378028      1.24%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             369053      1.21%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             153216      0.50%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             124750      0.41%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              55614      0.18%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              38943      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30492466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  26097     73.54%     73.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2915      8.21%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5482     15.45%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  528      1.49%     98.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              463      1.30%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               2      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30981      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5570378     81.40%     81.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2581      0.04%     81.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                27997      0.41%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              36289      0.53%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1031108     15.07%     97.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             135548      1.98%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           8276      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6843165                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.224111                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      35487                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44133172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14495855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6523149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              93134                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             82416                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40132                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6799719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  47952                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           15118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       989630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          309                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1171                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 95330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24174897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               282881                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9170036                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1624649                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              175360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66029                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              108795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6699490                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               988674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           143675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1116299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  786265                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    127625                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.219406                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6594260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6563281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4814251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7905254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.214945                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5409023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95325                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29711182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.126613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.702962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28240594     95.05%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       625710      2.11%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       177874      0.60%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       408628      1.38%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        79297      0.27%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        53071      0.18%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12704      0.04%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10729      0.04%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       102575      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29711182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1886261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3761812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        718799                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       635021                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    610118                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     33710                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3727800                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               14800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10146      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2978887     79.19%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            592      0.02%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           24600      0.65%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         28788      0.77%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         630099     16.75%     97.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         83778      2.23%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4922      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3761812                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               102575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38779442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19126087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          42222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1886261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3761812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.187944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.187944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.061774                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.061774                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7400684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5673665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    70396                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   35222                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4159271                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1897384                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3330184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           283482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             561769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           283482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.981674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4483322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4483322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       467707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         467707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        82600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         82600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       550307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          550307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       550307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         550307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       498475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       498475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       499653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        499653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       499653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       499653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33924693500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33924693500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     92003500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     92003500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34016697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34016697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34016697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34016697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       966182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       966182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        83778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1049960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1049960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1049960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1049960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.515922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.515922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.475878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.475878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68056.960730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68056.960730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78101.443124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78101.443124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68080.641966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68080.641966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68080.641966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68080.641966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32076                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.641196                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       216164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       216172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       216172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       282311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       283481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       283481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       283481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       283481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18793882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18793882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90118500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90118500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18884001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18884001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18884001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18884001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66571.555837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66571.555837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77024.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77024.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66614.697281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66614.697281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66614.697281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66614.697281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6221212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6221212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1555303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1555303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1555303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1555303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1555303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1555303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1555303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    181887                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      385232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    181887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.117974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.334036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.665964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4716271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4716271                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        101267                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            101267                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               101624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   101624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              101624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  101624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             813                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 813                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       181044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          181044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             181857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 181857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            181857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                181857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84449500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      84449500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17266297000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17266297000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17350746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17350746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17350746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17350746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       282311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        282311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           283481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               283481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          283481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              283481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.694872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.694872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.641514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.641514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.641514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.641514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103873.923739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103873.923739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95370.722034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95370.722034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95408.735985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95408.735985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95408.735985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95408.735985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            23                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       181044                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       181044                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        181857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            181857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       181857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           181857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76319500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76319500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15455847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15455847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15532166500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15532166500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15532166500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15532166500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.694872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.641514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.641514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93873.923739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93873.923739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85370.666799                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85370.666799                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85408.680997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85408.680997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85408.680997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85408.680997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        363701                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       181857                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             181045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           180709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        181044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       545559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       545559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 545559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11711552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11711552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11711552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            181857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  181857    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              181857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           430701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          986137250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       566963                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       283482                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          313                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             67                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           55                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            282312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          461426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       282311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       850445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                850445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18322560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18322560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          181887                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     72640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           465368                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 464988     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    368      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     12      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             465368                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          286289500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         425223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
