
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2549646468875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13219860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 24429778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37708401                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   404.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5352444625                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9891106413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        2121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2129408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1670656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1670656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           33144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               33272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         26104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              26104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            536570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         138938114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             139474684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       536570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           536570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       109426760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            109426760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       109426760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           536570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        138938114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            248901444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       33272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      26104                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     33272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    26104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2129344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1670336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2129408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1670656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267422500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 33272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                26104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   29815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        31702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    119.840010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.483776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   140.481120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21323     67.26%     67.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7434     23.45%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1495      4.72%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          535      1.69%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          246      0.78%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          127      0.40%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      0.37%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.31%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          326      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        31702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.418545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.211032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.989236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9               1      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             3      0.19%      0.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             1      0.06%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             6      0.39%      0.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           100      6.44%      7.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           314     20.22%     27.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           425     27.37%     54.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           370     23.82%     78.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           187     12.04%     90.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            95      6.12%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            35      2.25%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            12      0.77%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.19%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.805538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.775253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.022074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              932     60.01%     60.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               36      2.32%     62.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              548     35.29%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               33      2.12%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.13%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    875166000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1498997250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  166355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26304.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45054.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       139.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       109.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    139.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    109.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    19103                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 57.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                32.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     257131.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                107756880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 57274140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               112112280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               63945000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1183796640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1104323700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             38298720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4394994120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       963771360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        168342000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8194899600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.759998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12744845250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     501048000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    597238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2509654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1990323250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9638096125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                118602540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 63034950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               125442660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               72291780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1175191680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1126775430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32512800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4496087610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       878880000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        148946700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8237888430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.575735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12710312250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18077250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     497312000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    562810750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2288646500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2040623500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9859874125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12505500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12505500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1152910                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10107271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 934518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            164201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10107271                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2999739                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7107532                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       742891                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6764168                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2446314                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        75994                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18944                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    5860349                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1802                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   31                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6582126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      52707288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12505500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3934257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     22779503                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2307516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        10343                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5858552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               262077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30526381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.698293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.655371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                13427254     43.99%     43.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  531283      1.74%     45.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  808951      2.65%     48.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1269732      4.16%     52.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  561155      1.84%     54.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1516459      4.97%     59.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  857472      2.81%     62.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  467229      1.53%     63.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                11086846     36.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30526381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.409551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.726145                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4930481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10258009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 12770647                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1413486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1153758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             102105047                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1153758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5886549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7538199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        214890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13053706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2679279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              96140591                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                47572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                716558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1735328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110446861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            238530925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       131838437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         14870798                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             52945024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                57501694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             25260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         27412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3702738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8931452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3237209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           152600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  84698824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             182639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 69306844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           709935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       40368473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58394789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        182458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30526381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.270392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.612798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           14005854     45.88%     45.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2112313      6.92%     52.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2519629      8.25%     61.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2174842      7.12%     68.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2149490      7.04%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2042847      6.69%     81.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2720754      8.91%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1911188      6.26%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             889464      2.91%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30526381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2013469     95.57%     95.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                67229      3.19%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6240      0.30%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3049      0.14%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            16346      0.78%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             456      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1422158      2.05%      2.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54004402     77.92%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3563      0.01%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                68699      0.10%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3898626      5.63%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5423126      7.82%     93.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2587512      3.73%     97.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1863606      2.69%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         35152      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              69306844                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.269774                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2106789                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.030398                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160058936                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        111542554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60443041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           11897850                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          13707666                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5321260                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              64035066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                5956409                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          213937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4827597                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1354999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1153758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                5489812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               594962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           84881463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            45960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8931452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3237209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             74339                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               583892                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        345647                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1099370                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1445017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             66777049                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6737515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2529788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9183368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6564268                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2445853                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.186924                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66246516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     65764301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49241164                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85276746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.153757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.577428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       40368835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1153568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24401817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.824164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.544749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12086399     49.53%     49.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2844170     11.66%     61.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2977863     12.20%     73.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1773860      7.27%     80.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       843506      3.46%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1030184      4.22%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       308594      1.26%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       283002      1.16%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2254239      9.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24401817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            20824932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              44512910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5986059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4103849                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4916876                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   2607086                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 42333037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              338461                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       571164      1.28%      1.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        35969324     80.81%     82.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2424      0.01%     82.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45075      0.10%     82.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1938864      4.36%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3477793      7.81%     94.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1848330      4.15%     98.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       626056      1.41%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33880      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         44512910                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2254239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   107029323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  176001622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            144                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20824932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     44512910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.466256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.466256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.682009                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.682009                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86585237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51465344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  8429387                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 4955433                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 37147294                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20098016                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22696210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            42466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          196542387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            42466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          4628.229336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33487482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33487482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6418818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6418818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1860720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1860720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8279538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8279538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8279538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8279538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        60156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        60156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        21560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        21560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        81716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         81716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        81716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        81716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4455176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4455176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1694619499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1694619499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6149795999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6149795999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6149795999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6149795999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6478974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6478974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1882280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1882280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8361254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8361254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8361254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8361254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011454                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011454                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74060.384667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74060.384667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78600.162291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78600.162291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75258.162404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75258.162404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75258.162404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75258.162404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.608696                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            29039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        38797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        38797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        39233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        39233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        39233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        39233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        42483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        42483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1709367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1709367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1639344499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639344499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3348711999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348711999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3348711999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348711999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011223                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011223                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80030.315090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80030.315090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77605.780108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77605.780108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78824.753407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78824.753407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78824.753407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78824.753407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              867                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.585724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          117716813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         135774.870819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.585724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23435090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        23435090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5857606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5857606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5857606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5857606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5857606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5857606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30250500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30250500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30250500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30250500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30250500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30250500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5858552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5858552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5858552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5858552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5858552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5858552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 31977.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31977.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 31977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 31977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24879500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24879500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28208.049887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28208.049887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28208.049887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28208.049887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28208.049887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28208.049887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     33443                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       75319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     33443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.252160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       32.436303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.109315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16319.454382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    726595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   726595                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        29039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            29039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              4656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            739                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                739                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          4666                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4666                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 9322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                9322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           16453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              128                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        16691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           16691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              33144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             33144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1557355500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1557355500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     15763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1627604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1627604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3184959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3200722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3184959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3200722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        29039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         21109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             21109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            867                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         21357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            42466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                43333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           42466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               43333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.941176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.779431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147636                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.147636                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.781524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.147636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.780483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.767821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.147636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.780483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.767821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94654.804595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94654.804595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 123148.437500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123148.437500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97513.869750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97513.869750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 123148.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96094.602341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96198.680572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 123148.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96094.602341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96198.680572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                26104                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     26104                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16691                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        16691                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         33144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        33144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       323000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       323000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1392825500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1392825500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14483000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1460693002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460693002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2853518502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2868001502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2853518502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2868001502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.767821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.780483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.767821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20187.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20187.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84654.804595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84654.804595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113148.437500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113148.437500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87513.809957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87513.809957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113148.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86094.572230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86198.650577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113148.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86094.572230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86198.650577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         66688                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        33420                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         16819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        99960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        99960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  99960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3800064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3800064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3800064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             33288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   33288    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               33288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           178565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          178248250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        86698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             69                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           69                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        55143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            21109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           21109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        21357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                130048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4576320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4687296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           33458                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1671616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            76808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  76644     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    164      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              76808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           73255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1323000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          63707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
