
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8519178021750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69284209                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129029360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177371001                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5963689000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11106298666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12707840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12708224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         832354331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             832379482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1337233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1337233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1337233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        832354331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            833716716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        319                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      319                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12705344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12708288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267398000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198567                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  319                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.662094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.297899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.629256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40523     41.61%     41.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45333     46.55%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9982     10.25%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1364      1.40%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10138.842105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10062.354339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1266.647204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.26%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     10.53%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.26%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.79%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.53%     47.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     21.05%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            4     21.05%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4831447250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8553716000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  992605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24337.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43087.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       832.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    832.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76764.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346775520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184315560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707038500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1096200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639618110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24059040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5172014700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102489120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382715790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.561099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11608427625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11341250875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348589080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185283285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               710394300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 490680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645322670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24514080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5175056220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94569120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9390788685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.089868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11593935375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9636250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       189000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    245991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3153646500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11347755375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1443271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1443271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54949                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1056269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1056269                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            629332                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          426937                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14416                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     664486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      32775                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138243                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          583                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1223773                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1985                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1249091                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4136292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1443271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            665185                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29186680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 111306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        17978                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1221791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30510752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.272414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.313532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28883569     94.67%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11610      0.04%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  620287      2.03%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19237      0.06%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112862      0.37%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   61247      0.20%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   76294      0.25%     97.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18959      0.06%     97.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  706687      2.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30510752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  588643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28827683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   750835                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287938                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6744261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  668307                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27468419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   883404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1426171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6473966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                93768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1003052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                413036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7749501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18155272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8418160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            28815                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2731983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5017512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           253                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1869884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1201652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              45639                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2341                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6182928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4373332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3904703                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8348303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30510752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.684129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28680461     94.00%     94.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             736956      2.42%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             393244      1.29%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             262185      0.86%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272872      0.89%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68656      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61818      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18823      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15737      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30510752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7600     63.96%     63.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  850      7.15%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3159     26.58%     97.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  167      1.41%     99.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              102      0.86%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               5      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11108      0.25%      0.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3618609     82.74%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 375      0.01%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6911      0.16%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10527      0.24%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              688837     15.75%     99.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34905      0.80%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2050      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            10      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4373332                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143225                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11883                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39246915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10065499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4212980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26294                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24498                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11363                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4360563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13544                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       763154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25361                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1209                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25728360                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               277662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6185290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1201652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               45639                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               914                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80754                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4309041                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               664322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            64291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      697089                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  516428                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     32767                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.141120                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4235216                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4224343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3115476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4892241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3905431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29968500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.502500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28960930     96.64%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       472612      1.58%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107602      0.36%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       301899      1.01%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55476      0.19%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27771      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3946      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3477      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34787      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29968500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1141500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2280583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        458774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       438496                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    415183                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8080                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2272404                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2435      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1806440     79.21%     79.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            143      0.01%     79.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5879      0.26%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6912      0.30%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         437328     19.18%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20278      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1168      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2280583                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36119727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12915226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          23936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1141500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2280583                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.749617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.749617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4209920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3678739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20248                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10075                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2747798                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1156486                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2296104                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             263996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.146055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2942112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2942112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       247780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         247780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       267240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          267240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       267240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         267240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34933641500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34933641500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28679499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28679499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34962320999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34962320999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34962320999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34962320999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       657662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       657662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       677940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       677940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       677940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       677940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.623241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.623241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.605806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.605806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.605806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.605806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85228.532846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85228.532846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35060.512225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35060.512225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85128.612123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85128.612123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85128.612123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85128.612123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20794                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              925                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.480000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19479188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19479188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27471999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27471999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506659999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506659999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506659999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506659999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.845430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.845430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33874.228113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33874.228113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84682.332610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84682.332610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84682.332610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84682.332610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2590769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         431794.833333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4887170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4887170                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1221785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1221785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1221785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1221785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1221785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1221785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1221791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       580500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       580500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198574                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      251181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.264924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.395633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.379674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.224693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3881934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3881934                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19491000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19491000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       571500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       571500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18781634000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18781634000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       571500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18801125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18801696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       571500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18801125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18801696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        229540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.241677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.864176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.861985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.861988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.861985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.861988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99443.877551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99443.877551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94683.151596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94683.151596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94687.850966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94687.867953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94687.850966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94687.867953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198363                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198363                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17531000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17531000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       511500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       511500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16797994000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16797994000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       511500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16815525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16816036500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       511500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16815525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16816036500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.861988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89443.877551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89443.877551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84683.101183                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84683.101183                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84687.800603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84687.817591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84687.800603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84687.817591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        397126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198566                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       595692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       595692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12728640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12728640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12728640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198567    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           468193000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1072149000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       460715                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230358                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          550                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            229547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       229540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       691055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                691073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14873408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14874176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           428931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428366     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    563      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             428931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232408500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         345528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
