
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               534357044375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4348253                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8217205                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55534057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   274.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1195415346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2259062275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       199616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          199616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16268972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16268972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13074704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13074704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13074704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16268972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29343676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3881                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3119                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3881                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3119                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 248384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  199680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  248384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               199616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15270502000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3881                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3119                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.836007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.218938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.877366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3956     88.15%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          246      5.48%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           81      1.80%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      1.23%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      0.87%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.87%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.45%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.58%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.304598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.677506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      7.112172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            57     32.76%     32.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            67     38.51%     71.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29     16.67%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            11      6.32%     94.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      4.02%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.57%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92-95             1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.931034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.927399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.349834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                5      2.87%      2.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.15%      4.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              167     95.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    341108500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               413877250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     87891.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               106641.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       52                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2461                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2181500.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16707600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8876505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14694120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7725600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1304880720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            488682090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54242400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3400105860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2292019200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        295153140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7884125745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            516.404535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14049308750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     89692000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     553762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    626931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5968685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     571901000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7456372125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15336720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8155455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13016220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8560800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1196704080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            469214880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47413440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2875040100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2289201120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        576181800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7499809905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            491.232125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14099372750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     76158250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     507774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1846322375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5961557250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     570516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6305016000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13249896                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13249896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1100085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10929634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 978440                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            216677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10929634                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3571696                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7357938                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       787692                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9890877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7450310                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135197                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        44065                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8945484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13305                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9679907                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59752423                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13249896                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4550136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19675243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2215280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        64062                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8932179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               274225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.743204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.580674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12338657     40.41%     40.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  867458      2.84%     43.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1233521      4.04%     47.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1411537      4.62%     51.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1118556      3.66%     55.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1118309      3.66%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1018195      3.33%     62.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  873021      2.86%     65.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10555174     34.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.956870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8579125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4281847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15609964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               955852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1107640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108647538                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1107640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9349060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3284603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15728635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1041429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103518262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    77                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                913409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110133268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260724983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155530519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3140138                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67931992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42201312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1508                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   889768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11819340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8878994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           495563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          193375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92982105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              68623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82753568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           455772                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29488213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43080714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         68600                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.710173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.525327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9897230     32.41%     32.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2832972      9.28%     41.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3082646     10.10%     51.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3084532     10.10%     61.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3116033     10.20%     72.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2784314      9.12%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3064717     10.04%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1648168      5.40%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1023816      3.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 791523     73.27%     73.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14174      1.31%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                103076      9.54%     84.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83220      7.70%     91.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              655      0.06%     91.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87615      8.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           519896      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62697550     75.76%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73941      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86459      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1149669      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10051737     12.15%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7507583      9.07%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         387210      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        279523      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82753568                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.710149                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1080263                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013054                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193689873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119470910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77226321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3887726                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3069155                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1760961                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81352042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1961893                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1213420                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4210372                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2650666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          136                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1107640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3341613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93050728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11819340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8878994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             24168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5168                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        304828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1448714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80135191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9883374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2618377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17325882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8668167                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7442508                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.624399                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79587861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78987282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55171163                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86423029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.586805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29488751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1106947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26089268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.436348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.732527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9434992     36.16%     36.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3753753     14.39%     50.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2617621     10.03%     60.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3531740     13.54%     74.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1130481      4.33%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1142351      4.38%     82.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       810873      3.11%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       460251      1.76%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3207206     12.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26089268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33561438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63562537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13837303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7608978                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7396680                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1293617                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62590798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              459424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       257628      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48361227     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53899      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75292      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        977188      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7335596     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6228325      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       273382      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63562537                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3207206                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115933350                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190636403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33561438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63562537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.909815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.909815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.099125                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.099125                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115723861                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61899267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2482099                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1223338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40288463                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21122168                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35201499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             478944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            89.006504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59100249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59100249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8537122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8537122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6228151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6228151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14765273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14765273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14765273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14765273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    562818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    562818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    716445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    716445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    716445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    716445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8542252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8542252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6231465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6231465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14773717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14773717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14773717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14773717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29946.783626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29946.783626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169830.416415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169830.416415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84846.636665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84846.636665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84846.636665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84846.636665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    555028500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555028500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    636731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    636731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    636731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38924.487851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38924.487851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169061.376790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169061.376790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118307.506503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118307.506503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118307.506503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118307.506503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             287995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           243.444632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35729900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35729900                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8930954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8930954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8930954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8930954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8930954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8930954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8932179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8932179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8932179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8932179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8932179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8932179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12751.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12751.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12751.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12751.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12751.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12751.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3889                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.355361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.187379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               22                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16313.812621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    108785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   108785                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1183                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1183                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549980000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     549980000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62824000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     62824000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        612804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       612804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1183                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1183                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1183                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.289662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.721241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.591255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.721241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.591255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168035.441491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168035.441491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103328.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103328.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157898.479773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157898.479773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157898.479773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157898.479773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3119                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3119                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517250000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517250000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56744000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56744000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    573994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    573994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.591255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.721241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.591255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158035.441491                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158035.441491                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93328.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93328.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147898.479773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147898.479773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147898.479773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147898.479773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7768                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3888                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3882    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13130                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6563                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           19                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       151424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       604672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 756096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3890                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    199680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10422     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     33      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1776000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
