
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7175651738750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67668602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125862350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              176208554                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5863049500                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10905165863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12585984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12585984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         824372851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             824372851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1492336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1492336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1492336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        824372851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825865186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        356                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      356                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12583488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12585984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  356                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.633281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.323929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.649682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41283     42.45%     42.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44657     45.92%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9757     10.03%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1388      1.43%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          144      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8878.136364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8558.979373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2305.618361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.55%     13.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.55%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      9.09%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     13.64%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      9.09%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4774984750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8461553500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  983085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24285.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43035.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       824.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    824.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     309                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77494.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345618840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183700770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696764040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 699480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1627024530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24450240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5168176320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115935360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9367678620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.576176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11636165125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    301748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111875000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11334416375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348739020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185389545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               707081340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1137960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642119840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24569760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5139599370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       126167040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1217040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9381944595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.510587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11602862250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509951750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    328819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144702125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11271272750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1447636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1447636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1026198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33713                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1026198                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            633720                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          392478                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15056                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     666948                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144381                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1246196                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3298                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1269739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4130169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1447636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            667433                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29144179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 112002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        28683                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1242898                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.271759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.311272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28867574     94.65%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13068      0.04%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  634558      2.08%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18703      0.06%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115971      0.38%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47665      0.16%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78241      0.26%     97.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16834      0.06%     97.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  707614      2.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047410                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  603242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28791339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   756851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               292795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6792987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  683840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27605075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   892047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1253332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6534819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                54617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1001565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                213401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7814785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18337749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8489202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29715                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2876981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4937674                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1893199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1207248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6246038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4426917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3889                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3848622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8386458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2615                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.145144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.687900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28644090     93.91%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             749064      2.46%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             398974      1.31%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             267947      0.88%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             274403      0.90%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68673      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60844      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19841      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16392      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8118     68.16%     68.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  951      7.98%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2592     21.76%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  193      1.62%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               37      0.31%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12459      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3661403     82.71%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 521      0.01%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8131      0.18%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11930      0.27%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              690654     15.60%     99.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40029      0.90%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1712      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            78      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4426917                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.144980                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11910                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39341256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10073354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4263178                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28605                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             23922                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13010                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4411636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14732                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       750790                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        28968                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1620                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26066708                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               254690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6248653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1207248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                51243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        28743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4362237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               666686                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            64680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      704251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  525877                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37565                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.142862                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4289152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4276188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3148441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4973679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.140044                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3849073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29965136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.080091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.517730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28911526     96.48%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       489916      1.63%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115291      0.38%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       316990      1.06%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55803      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28992      0.10%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4451      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3757      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        38410      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29965136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1201118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2399925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        480007                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       456436                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    433734                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9404                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2390378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2871      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1901839     79.25%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            166      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7002      0.29%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8040      0.34%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         455072     18.96%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23571      0.98%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1364      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2399925                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                38410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36175724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13034262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1201118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2399925                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.421889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.421889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4271610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3717858                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23126                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11489                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2809305                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1171098                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2324087                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           238377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             261277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           238377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.096066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2964737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2964737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       237181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         237181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       259855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          259855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       259855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         259855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       420838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       420838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34640212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34640212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33108499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33108499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34673320999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34673320999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34673320999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34673320999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       658019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       658019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       681590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       681590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       681590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       681590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.639553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.639553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.618752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.618752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.618752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.618752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82312.463466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82312.463466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36910.255295                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36910.255295                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82215.896236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82215.896236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82215.896236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82215.896236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1070                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.917757                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       237486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       238377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       238377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19403117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19403117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31712999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31712999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19434829999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434829999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19434829999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434829999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81702.150864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81702.150864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35592.591470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35592.591470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81529.803626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81529.803626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81529.803626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81529.803626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4971592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4971592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1242898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1242898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1242898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196659                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      272968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.388027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.951595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.048405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4007955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4007955                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         41057                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             41057                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                41721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    41721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               41721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   41721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23093000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23093000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18587517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18587517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18610610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18610610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18610610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18610610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       237486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        237486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           238377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               238377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          238377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              238377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.254770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827118                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.827118                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.824979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.824979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.824979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.824979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101731.277533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101731.277533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94627.152813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.152813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94635.353104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.353104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94635.353104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.353104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196429                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196429                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20823000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20823000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16623227000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16623227000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16644050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16644050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16644050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16644050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.824979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.824979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91731.277533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91731.277533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84627.152813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.152813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84635.353104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84635.353104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84635.353104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84635.353104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393303                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12608768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12608768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12608768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196656    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463892500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1062244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       476754                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       238373                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            237486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          432334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       237486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       715131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                715131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15406272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15406272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196659                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           435036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434408     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    627      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             435036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          240723000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         357565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
