
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7679474094875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77278467                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144100933                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              194364830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    78.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6070215778                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11319116288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12223488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12223488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         800629625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             800629625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1194707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        800629625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801824332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        285                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12220544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12223424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  285                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.453121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.102697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.708406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43665     44.76%     44.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43727     44.83%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8875      9.10%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1145      1.17%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          112      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10389.823529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9772.306499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3550.849410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     17.65%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.88%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.88%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.88%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.88%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.88%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     11.76%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.88%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            3     17.65%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4733959500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8314197000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  954730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24792.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43542.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       800.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    800.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     236                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79818.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345390360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183579330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               674323020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1598109000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199520050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       113275680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     915240.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9345645960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.133052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11698514500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1513250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    295105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3048213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11402540375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351102360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186622920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689031420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1294560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1625235300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24516960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5192721660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96705600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9372539820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.894581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11639968750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    252007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108003500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11387986875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1599417                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1599417                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1192444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5249                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1192444                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            696600                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          495844                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17958                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     732257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       156911                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          644                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1366355                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3872                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1392482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4536448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1599417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            731977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29007474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 124554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33408                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1362483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.298758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.373206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28706171     94.12%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17808      0.06%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  694490      2.28%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19687      0.06%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  127178      0.42%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   51397      0.17%     97.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81189      0.27%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18105      0.06%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  783313      2.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.148567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  671023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28604713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   845911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               315414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7482869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  762013                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27380324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   991779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1294248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7198149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                50173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1060667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                185933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8597083                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20194850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9325038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            30142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3066345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5530738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2017789                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1330819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6873183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4847222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4317756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9371678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.158929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.718728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28472538     93.35%     93.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             814919      2.67%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             436068      1.43%     97.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             286748      0.94%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             306156      1.00%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              77903      0.26%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              66503      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21258      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17245      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8391     68.19%     68.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  871      7.08%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2721     22.11%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  200      1.63%     99.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              121      0.98%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               1      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13425      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4009723     82.72%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 760      0.02%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7250      0.15%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10732      0.22%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              761091     15.70%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              42040      0.87%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2197      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             4      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4847222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.158745                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12305                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002539                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40183560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11168337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4664133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27005                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26278                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11578                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4832170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13932                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       837468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1747                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25732285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258987                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6876852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1330819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1370                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        33105                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4771470                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               732092                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            75752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      770995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  573648                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38903                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.156264                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4688556                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4675711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3462114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5424420                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.153128                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4318194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29898135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.085594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.531022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28765511     96.21%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       531004      1.78%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121379      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       340589      1.14%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        60929      0.20%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32455      0.11%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4579      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3410      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        38279      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29898135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1280518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2559096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        514164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       493351                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    468648                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8304                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2550672                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2520      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2029050     79.29%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            147      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6111      0.24%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7104      0.28%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         492151     19.23%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20813      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1200      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2559096                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                38279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36737146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14357011                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            291                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35350                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1280518                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2559096                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.845575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.845575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4610166                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4067224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20714                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10357                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3040403                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1264474                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2555916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           262168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             294245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           262168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.122353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3244724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3244724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       264077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         264077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       284014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          284014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       284014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         284014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       460749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       460749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       461625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        461625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       461625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       461625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34600259500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34600259500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29680999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29680999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34629940499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34629940499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34629940499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34629940499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       724826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       724826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       745639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       745639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       745639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       745639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.635668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.635668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.619100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.619100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75095.680077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75095.680077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33882.418950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33882.418950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75017.471972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75017.471972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75017.471972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75017.471972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.834562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       261297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       261297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       262168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       262168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19317114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19317114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28390499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28390499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19345504999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345504999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19345504999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345504999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73927.808203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73927.808203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32595.291619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32595.291619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73790.489301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73790.489301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73790.489301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73790.489301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5449932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5449932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1362483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1362483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1362483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1362483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1362483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1362483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1362483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190991                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      376916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.973475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            49149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        36337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6478871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6478871                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                71177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    71177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               71177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   71177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19961500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19961500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18149390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18149390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18169351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18169351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18169351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18169351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       261297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        261297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           262168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               262168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          262168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              262168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.730165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.728506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.728506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.728506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.728506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99310.945274                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99310.945274                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95127.574820                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95127.574820                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95131.977423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95131.977423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95131.977423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95131.977423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17951500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16241490000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16241490000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16259441500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16259441500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16259441500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16259441500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.728506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.728506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89310.945274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89310.945274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85127.574820                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.574820                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85131.977423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85131.977423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85131.977423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85131.977423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381981                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190991                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       572972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       572972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 572972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12241664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12241664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12241664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           449157000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1033383500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       524336                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       262168                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          346                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            261297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          450422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       261297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       786504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                786504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16935680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16935680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190991                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           453159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 452812     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    347      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             453159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          264620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         393252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
